AI Suggested Searches
Galaxy Watch8 (Bluetooth, 4.0 cm)
{{priceAnchor.priceWrapper.info.noLineOrignal}}
{{priceAnchor.priceWrapper.info.ceExchangePrice}}
Ultimate AI Health Coach
Ultra comfort, from sleep to workout
The thinnest Samsung Galaxy Watch yet, Galaxy Watch8 is ready to make an impact. Now, boldly reimagined — from the iconic new cushion design to the Dynamic Lug System for the snug, comfortable fit — all while performing powerfully with the 3 nm processor . Experience proactive coaching, from sleep to running to holistic health , that fuses intelligence with individuality. Make the most of your moments with Galaxy AI keeping you ahead, topped with a whole-new One UI experience.
Meet the next-level innovation on Galaxy Watch8
Innovation meets our signature cushion design
A corner of the Galaxy Watch8 is zoomed in, highlighting the cushion design. The device becomes transparent, revealing its internal components.
Form a healthy bedtime routine
A notification pops up on the display of Galaxy Watch8. Bedtime guidance. Try going to sleep between 11:00 PM and 11:30 PM tonight.
Run at your own pace with a personal coach
Galaxy Watch8 shows the text Running level test. The screen is scrolled all the way down, and the Start button is tapped. Now, numbers are shown on the display. Time. 12:45. Duration going from 06:46 to 06:47. Distance going from 3.25 to 3.24. Pace 06'39". Heart rate 164. The scene changes. Text Your running level. 4. Congratulations!
Always bright. Even in sunlight
As light sweeps across the screen of Galaxy Watch8, the content remains sharp and clear.
"The squircle watches do sit flatter on your wrist, and they are more comfortable." The Verge 07/2025
"Samsung aims to help you become healthier by motivating you through instant feedback." PhoneArena 06/2025
"Impressive how well Gemini on the Galaxy Watch8 handles long, stream-of-consciousness questions." CNET 07/2025
It's time for a change — introducing Galaxy Watch8 with a bold new look, designed with innovation . Sleek lines flowing from the watch face to the slim body create a refined aesthetic, while the iconic cushion design adds a distinctive edge, rounding out a look built to leave a lasting impression. Available in 4.0 cm and 4.4 cm , in Graphite and Silver . 1
The thinnest Galaxy Watch
Reimagined to be more compact than ever, Galaxy Watch8 is the slimmest Galaxy Watch yet. 11% thinner than Galaxy Watch7 , the sleek profile of Galaxy Watch8 offers a more seamless feel on your wrist — enhancing both style and wearability throughout your day, during your workouts and even while you sleep . 3
Side view of Galaxy Watch7 then from top-down a side view of Galaxy Watch8 gradually appears comparing the thickness between the 2 smartwatches. When the full side view of Galaxy Watch8 appears, it is shown secured by a white Sport Band, buckled into a loop. Galaxy Watch8 then turns slightly, revealing the watch face.
The most comfortable Galaxy Watch ever
A person's arm extended outward as Galaxy Watch8 with a white Sport Band gently lands and attaches to their wrist.
Breeze through your day with extra comfort. With the Dynamic Lug System , Galaxy Watch8 sits more comfortably on your wrist, staying close to your skin with minimal space in between. This refined design enhances stability, resulting in a snug and stable fit that makes you barely notice it's there. Enjoy your day more with the most comfortable Galaxy Watch experience ever. 3 , 4
Powerful inside and out
Boost your day with a 3 nm processor Keep things running smoothly with robust performance. Inside the slim, streamlined profile of Galaxy Watch8 lies a solid 3 nm processor . It delivers faster processing speeds and improved power efficiency , ensuring your interactions stay fast and fluid. Count on your processor that keeps up with what you do — from monitoring your health to multitasking seamlessly. pause View More
Boost your day with a 3 nm processor
Keep things running smoothly with robust performance. Inside the slim, streamlined profile of Galaxy Watch8 lies a solid 3 nm processor . It delivers faster processing speeds and improved power efficiency , ensuring your interactions stay fast and fluid. Count on your processor that keeps up with what you do — from monitoring your health to multitasking seamlessly.
Always bright. Even in sunlight Stay in the loop day or night with increased brightness of up to 3,000 nits that gives you a crystal-clear view on your screen, even in bright sunlight. Whether you're viewing your stats on a morning run or checking new messages in the middle of an afternoon walk, the high brightness screen of Galaxy Watch8 ensures that what matters to you stays sharp, vivid and easy to read . 3 pause View More
Stay in the loop day or night with increased brightness of up to 3,000 nits that gives you a crystal-clear view on your screen, even in bright sunlight. Whether you're viewing your stats on a morning run or checking new messages in the middle of an afternoon walk, the high brightness screen of Galaxy Watch8 ensures that what matters to you stays sharp, vivid and easy to read . 3
Galaxy Watch8 Silver viewed from the front, at a partial front-side angle and from the side showing the Home and Back buttons.
Galaxy Watch8 Graphite viewed from the front, at a partial front-side angle and from the side showing the Home and Back buttons.
Pick a band that fits your day 1
Build healthy sleep habits with Galaxy AI
Build good sleep habits with Bedtime Guidance . Galaxy Watch8 uses three days worth of sleep data to find your optimal bedtime, the first step toward better sleep. Get smart nudges for your ideal bedtime and get the rest you need. Wake up feeling refreshed, fully recharged and better prepared to take on the day — all with a personalized sleep schedule. 2 , 5
Galaxy Watch8 is seen from a tilted front view, with its watch face showing the time and date. The white minute hand the orange second hand move. Once it reaches nine o'clock, the face of Galaxy Watch8 shows the Samsung Health icon and Bedtime guidance with a text notification 'Try going to sleep between 11:00 PM and 11:30 PM tonight'.
Know your energy level. Own your day
Understand your body and start your day smarter. Galaxy Watch8 analyzes your workouts, sleep patterns and nighttime heart signals to deliver a daily forecast — your Energy Score . Check insight messages brought to you by Galaxy AI , and review each index in detail. Plan your day accordingly to make the most of each moment. 2 , 6
The watch face of Galaxy Watch8 shows the Energy Score screen with the Energy Score of 92 and the word 'Excellent'. The Galaxy Watch8 disappears and a Samsung Galaxy smartphone appears showing the Energy Score screen with a list of Energy Score factors.
Sleep Tracking Gain sleep insights and get deeper rest Simply wear Galaxy Watch8 to bed and wake up to a clear picture of how your sleep went the night before. With detailed insights into your sleep including sleep stages, consistency, heart rate and blood oxygen levels , you can shed light on aspects of your sleep you were previously in the dark about. Train your sleep, gain deeper rest and energize your day. 7 View More
Gain sleep insights and get deeper rest
Simply wear Galaxy Watch8 to bed and wake up to a clear picture of how your sleep went the night before. With detailed insights into your sleep including sleep stages, consistency, heart rate and blood oxygen levels , you can shed light on aspects of your sleep you were previously in the dark about. Train your sleep, gain deeper rest and energize your day. 7
Sleep Coaching Improve your sleep with Sleep Coaching Did you know your day starts the night before? Work your way toward better sleep and better mornings with Galaxy Watch8. Wear it while you sleep for a week to find out your Sleep type and which of the 8 animals you are. Then, follow a 3-4 week personalized coaching program designed to improve your sleep, featuring small, sustainable tweaks like establishing a consistent wake-up time or staying active earlier in the day. 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 View More
Improve your sleep with Sleep Coaching
Did you know your day starts the night before? Work your way toward better sleep and better mornings with Galaxy Watch8. Wear it while you sleep for a week to find out your Sleep type and which of the 8 animals you are. Then, follow a 3-4 week personalized coaching program designed to improve your sleep, featuring small, sustainable tweaks like establishing a consistent wake-up time or staying active earlier in the day. 8 , 9 , 10 , 11
Find your pace, race your way
Once you've fully recovered with a good night's sleep, it's time to move. Start with a test to identify your running level from 1 to 10. Set your goals and work your way to break them by training at your own pace . Whether you're taking your first stride as a beginner or training for a full marathon, a 3-5 week running coach program tailored to your running capacity will guide and motivate you through every milestone, helping you break barriers. 2 , 15
Running Coach screen shown on Galaxy Watch8 with the text 2. Repetitions. 1.80 km, 05'40". Screen changes. Workout 2. Repetitions. 1.80km. 05.40". 22:12. A running pictogram is shown in the background. After the Start button is tapped, the pictogram reaches the finish line, with the screen showing the status. The screen displays a check icon with the text 'Passed!'.
Personalized HR Zone Train better with Personalized HR Zone Check your real-time heart rate for safe and effective outdoor running. Monitor your personalized heart rate zone as you run, and adjust the intensity to suit your condition. Understand your physical capabilities better and ensure you're training at the optimal intensity to reach your running goals . 16 View More
Personalized HR Zone
Train better with Personalized HR Zone
Check your real-time heart rate for safe and effective outdoor running. Monitor your personalized heart rate zone as you run, and adjust the intensity to suit your condition. Understand your physical capabilities better and ensure you're training at the optimal intensity to reach your running goals . 16
Daily Activity Stay motivated with daily goals Complete your rings and call it a day well spent with Daily Activity . Set daily goals that match your lifestyle and stay motivated to move. Check how many steps you take each day, how many calories you burn and how long you stay active. Galaxy Watch8 automatically measures your steps, active calories and activity time throughout the day, helping you make steady progress toward a more active life. View More
Stay motivated with daily goals
Complete your rings and call it a day well spent with Daily Activity . Set daily goals that match your lifestyle and stay motivated to move. Check how many steps you take each day, how many calories you burn and how long you stay active. Galaxy Watch8 automatically measures your steps, active calories and activity time throughout the day, helping you make steady progress toward a more active life.
Exercise Tracking Track your moves easily with Exercise Tracking Monitor a wide range of exercise data — whether you're training at home, lifting at the gym or hiking outdoors. Check detailed data from your average pace and cadence to advanced running metrics and VO 2 max . Add your go-to exercises and build your own routine to follow your progress effortlessly. With precise GPS, every move is accurately captured. 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 View More
Track your moves easily with Exercise Tracking
Monitor a wide range of exercise data — whether you're training at home, lifting at the gym or hiking outdoors. Check detailed data from your average pace and cadence to advanced running metrics and VO 2 max . Add your go-to exercises and build your own routine to follow your progress effortlessly. With precise GPS, every move is accurately captured. 17 , 18 , 19 , 20
Keep track of your heart health while you sleep
Manage your vascular load as you sleep. Wear Galaxy Watch8 for at least 4 hours each night for over 3 nights to assess your baseline, and track your measurements over time. When your readings trend upward, you'll receive thoughtful suggestions — maybe it's time for more fresh foods, better sleep habits or managing daily stress. Stay informed about your heart health and make choices that support how you want to feel tomorrow. 2 , 21 , 22
An optical sensor of Galaxy Watch8 measures the Vascular Load. Then Galaxy Watch8 is shown, displaying the texts 'Today' and 'Steady', along with a scale with an indicator. At the bottom is the message 'Your vascular load is consistent'.
BP Keep an eye on your blood pressure Proactively stay on top of your heart health. Calibrate your Galaxy Watch8 and start your measurement with the Samsung Health Monitor app to check your blood pressure , including both systolic and diastolic readings. By keeping track of your numbers regularly, you can watch for any significant changes and stay well-informed with your heart's condition. 23 , 24 , 25 , 26 View More
Keep an eye on your blood pressure
Proactively stay on top of your heart health. Calibrate your Galaxy Watch8 and start your measurement with the Samsung Health Monitor app to check your blood pressure , including both systolic and diastolic readings. By keeping track of your numbers regularly, you can watch for any significant changes and stay well-informed with your heart's condition. 23 , 24 , 25 , 26
ECG Take an ECG to check your heart's rhythm Follow up on of your heart's condition with Electrocardiogram (ECG) . ECG helps you detect signs of atrial fibrillation (AFib) by measuring the electrical activity of your heart and recording it on a graph. You can see how steadily and strongly your heart is pumping in real time and gain valuable insights. Monitor regularly to ensure your heart's health . 27 View More
Take an ECG to check your heart's rhythm
Follow up on of your heart's condition with Electrocardiogram (ECG) . ECG helps you detect signs of atrial fibrillation (AFib) by measuring the electrical activity of your heart and recording it on a graph. You can see how steadily and strongly your heart is pumping in real time and gain valuable insights. Monitor regularly to ensure your heart's health . 27
IHRN Stay alert to heart irregularities Have peace of mind with Galaxy Watch8 watching over your heart. Using Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification (IHRN) , Galaxy Watch8 analyzes your pulse rate in the background. You will get a notification if irregularities are detected , such as those suggestive of atrial fibrillation (AFib), in which case you can take an ECG to get a closer look at your heart's condition. 27 View More
Stay alert to heart irregularities
Have peace of mind with Galaxy Watch8 watching over your heart. Using Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification (IHRN) , Galaxy Watch8 analyzes your pulse rate in the background. You will get a notification if irregularities are detected , such as those suggestive of atrial fibrillation (AFib), in which case you can take an ECG to get a closer look at your heart's condition. 27
Find out if you're on the right track to aging well with Galaxy Watch8, the world's first smartwatch that measures your antioxidant level . Place your thumb on the sensor to measure the carotenoid levels in your skin and see how healthy your current diet and lifestyle are. Check your antioxidant index to improve your well-being and lower the risk of diseases. 2 , 28 , 29 , 30 , 31
A person's thumb is placed on a sensor on the back of Galaxy Watch8, and the screen displays the Antioxidant index as 'Adequate' with a score of 92. A 'Measure' button is shown at the bottom.
AGEs index Stay in the know about your AGEs index Maintain your metabolic health with Galaxy Watch8. Just wear it while you sleep, and effortlessly stay in control of your AGEs (Advanced Glycation End-products) index . Galaxy Watch8 monitors your AGEs index across four levels, helping you understand your current state. Support healthier aging and a more balanced lifestyle with insightful guidance. 32 View More
Stay in the know about your AGEs index
Maintain your metabolic health with Galaxy Watch8. Just wear it while you sleep, and effortlessly stay in control of your AGEs (Advanced Glycation End-products) index . Galaxy Watch8 monitors your AGEs index across four levels, helping you understand your current state. Support healthier aging and a more balanced lifestyle with insightful guidance. 32
Food Tracker Check your meal logs at a glance Log your meals to build healthier eating habits. Record your daily calorie intake right on your wrist with Food Tracker to help maintain a balanced diet. Take control of your nutrition by consistently keeping track of what you eat and drink to better understand your nutritional intake. Make informed decisions and eat healthier to enhance your wellness over time and become a healthier you. View More
Check your meal logs at a glance
Log your meals to build healthier eating habits. Record your daily calorie intake right on your wrist with Food Tracker to help maintain a balanced diet. Take control of your nutrition by consistently keeping track of what you eat and drink to better understand your nutritional intake. Make informed decisions and eat healthier to enhance your wellness over time and become a healthier you.
Body Composition Meet your fitness goals with insights Measure your body composition with just your fingertips, and stay on track with your fitness goals. You can track key indicators like weight, skeletal muscle and fat mass by placing your middle and ring fingers on the buttons of Galaxy Watch8. Set personalized goals for each index and customize your fitness plan accordingly. Watch your body make progress over time, getting closer to the goals you've set. 11 , 17 , 33 View More
Meet your fitness goals with insights
Measure your body composition with just your fingertips, and stay on track with your fitness goals. You can track key indicators like weight, skeletal muscle and fat mass by placing your middle and ring fingers on the buttons of Galaxy Watch8. Set personalized goals for each index and customize your fitness plan accordingly. Watch your body make progress over time, getting closer to the goals you've set. 11 , 17 , 33
Medication Get reminders to take your medications Stay on top of your medication intake with Galaxy Watch8. Enter the pills you take, check information and set alerts. You'll receive notifications reminding you to take them on time. Be aware of possible interactions , and be informed when certain substances or lifestyle factors may affect how your medications work. 10 , 11 , 34 , 35 View More
Get reminders to take your medications
Stay on top of your medication intake with Galaxy Watch8. Enter the pills you take, check information and set alerts. You'll receive notifications reminding you to take them on time. Be aware of possible interactions , and be informed when certain substances or lifestyle factors may affect how your medications work. 10 , 11 , 34 , 35
Put your mind at ease
Take a pause. Refresh your mind
Make time each day to find your sense of serenity. Galaxy Watch8 offers tools that gently guide you toward mindfulness — from managing stress to living in the moment. Explore different techniques and discover what works best to support your mental well-being. Keep a daily log and unwind with guided breathing and meditation exercises . Consistently monitor the progress on your personal journey to find your own inner peace.
Galaxy Watch8 displaying a Mood check-in notification on screen, with the text 'How are you feeling?'. 'Check in' button below is tapped, 'Awesome' is selected. 'Next' is tapped. The text appears. 'Awesome! How do you feel? Happy, Enthusiastic, Proud.'
Mindfulness Tracker Stay centered with Mindfulness Tracker Monitor your moods and observe how they change. Log and track your daily emotions to enhance your mental wellness. Explore different ways to practice mindfulness and follow your progress over time. 36 , 37 , 38 View More
Stay centered with Mindfulness Tracker
Monitor your moods and observe how they change. Log and track your daily emotions to enhance your mental wellness. Explore different ways to practice mindfulness and follow your progress over time. 36 , 37 , 38
Breathing Exercises Breathe in, breathe out, stay balanced Take a deep breath. Clear your mind and refocus your thoughts with guided breathing exercises , anytime on your Galaxy Watch8. Choose from three built-in techniques designed to help you relax, regain focus or find balance, or create one of your own. It's always ready on your wrist whenever you need a mindful moment. View More
Breathe in, breathe out, stay balanced
Take a deep breath. Clear your mind and refocus your thoughts with guided breathing exercises , anytime on your Galaxy Watch8. Choose from three built-in techniques designed to help you relax, regain focus or find balance, or create one of your own. It's always ready on your wrist whenever you need a mindful moment.
Stress Maintain control of your stress level View your daily stress pattern to better manage your mental well-being. Enable advanced measurements to allow Galaxy Watch8 to track real-time changes in your stress levels throughout the day, and receive alerts when levels are high. When repeated, ease tension and refocus your mind with breathing exercises. View More
Maintain control of your stress level
View your daily stress pattern to better manage your mental well-being. Enable advanced measurements to allow Galaxy Watch8 to track real-time changes in your stress levels throughout the day, and receive alerts when levels are high. When repeated, ease tension and refocus your mind with breathing exercises.
Lift your wrist and speak — Google Gemini is here to help. Galaxy Watch8 with Gemini built-in helps you get things done swiftly even during life's busiest moments. Just ask to get answers and ideas , complete various tasks across apps and access important information on the spot. Get what you need, right on your wrist. 40 , 41
The all-new One UI 8 Watch
New Watch, new One UI . Catch your must-knows with the multi-info tile , bringing key info from the apps of your choice. Stay updated at a glance with streamlined notifications , and easily access your go-to apps from the top of the app list. View real-time info , from calls to running time and timers, all in one place with the Now bar . 42
Galaxy Watch8 displaying different screens of One UI 8, including Now bar, running, weather, Exercise Tracking and more.
Make it yours, face to band
Change your band in a snap, and get ready for whatever's next. Go for the Sport Band when you're breaking a sweat, or settle for the soft Fabric Band for undisturbed comfort throughout the night. Plus, customize your watch face in the Galaxy Wearable app with options that range from colors to components. 43 , 44
Expanded Galaxy Wearable experience
Get started with your Galaxy Watch seamlessly on your Android™ smartphone . Simply download Galaxy Wearable and Samsung Health apps from Google Play to connect your Android phone to your Galaxy Watch. Now, you can experience the latest Galaxy Wearable device — Galaxy Watch8. Enjoy the features, from health tracking to sleep coaching, that are integrated into a sleek cushion design. 45 , 46 , 47 , 48 , 49 , 50 , 51
Switch and protect with reliable plans
Time to upgrade with Exchange Simply exchange your old device and receive immediate savings for your new Galaxy Watch8. 52 Learn more
Time to upgrade with Exchange
Simply exchange your old device and receive immediate savings for your new Galaxy Watch8. 52
Care around the clock with Samsung Care+ Safeguard your device against accidental damage, unexpected breakdowns and even theft. Learn more
Care around the clock with Samsung Care+
Safeguard your device against accidental damage, unexpected breakdowns and even theft.
Find the Watch that fits you best
Better connected, better together
From taking calls to watching content, your Galaxy smartphone keeps your devices in sync for a smart, smooth, seamless Galaxy experience .
Find your best Galaxy
Galaxy Watch8 Classic
Galaxy Watch6 Classic
Galaxy Watch4 Classic
Material Armor Aluminum
Processor 3 nm Processor, 5 Core
Processor 5 nm Processor, 2 Core
GPS L1+L5 Dual- Frequency GPS
Connectivity Bluetooth / Bluetooth + LTE
Memory / Storage 2 GB / 32 GB
Memory / Storage 2 GB / 16 GB
Display Brightness Up to 3000 nits
Display Brightness Up to 1000 nits
Display Brightness Up to 2000 nits
Durability 5ATM + IP68 / MIL- STD-810H
Battery 325 mAh Up to 30 hrs (*AOD On)
Battery 300 mAh Up to 30 hrs (*AOD On)
Safety and Emergency SOS / Fall detection
Safety and Emergency
Health Energy Score - Bedtime Guidance High Stress Alert Running Coach Personalized Heart Rate Zone Personalized Functional Threshold Power AGEs Index Vascular Load Blood Pressure ECG Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification Antioxidant Body Composition -
Health Energy Score Sleep Apnea Bedtime Guidance - not available - not available Personalized Heart Rate Zone - not available - not available - not available Blood Pressure ECG Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification - not available Body Composition Cycle Tracking
Google Gemini O available
Google Gemini - not available
Quick Button - not available
Frequently Asked Questions
What has changed with Galaxy Watch8's design? The cushion design has been newly added to Galaxy Watch8. With its slimmed-down profile to just 0.86 cm, and the upgraded Dynamic Lug System, it offers a more refined look and a more comfortable fit. 3 , 4
What has changed with Galaxy Watch8's design?
The cushion design has been newly added to Galaxy Watch8. With its slimmed-down profile to just 0.86 cm, and the upgraded Dynamic Lug System, it offers a more refined look and a more comfortable fit. 3 , 4
Why is Galaxy Watch8 good for outdoor activities? Galaxy Watch8 boasts a bright 3,000 nits display, ensuring clear visibility even in bright surroundings — making it suitable for outdoor activities. Powered by a 3 nm processor, it also delivers a seamless user experience, from health monitoring to multitasking across different apps.
Why is Galaxy Watch8 good for outdoor activities?
Galaxy Watch8 boasts a bright 3,000 nits display, ensuring clear visibility even in bright surroundings — making it suitable for outdoor activities. Powered by a 3 nm processor, it also delivers a seamless user experience, from health monitoring to multitasking across different apps.
What colors and sizes do Galaxy Watch8 come in? Galaxy Watch8 is available in Silver and Graphite. It comes in two sizes, Small (4.0 cm) and Large (4.4 cm). 1
What colors and sizes do Galaxy Watch8 come in?
Galaxy Watch8 is available in Silver and Graphite. It comes in two sizes, Small (4.0 cm) and Large (4.4 cm). 1
Can Galaxy Watch8 monitor my stress levels? Yes, Galaxy Watch8 can monitor your stress levels. You can set up Galaxy Watch8 to automatically track your stress levels throughout the day. When the levels are high, you'll receive alerts and you can take guided breathing exercises to relieve tension. You can also manually monitor your stress levels whenever you need to stay on top of your mental well-being. 10
Can Galaxy Watch8 monitor my stress levels?
Yes, Galaxy Watch8 can monitor your stress levels. You can set up Galaxy Watch8 to automatically track your stress levels throughout the day. When the levels are high, you'll receive alerts and you can take guided breathing exercises to relieve tension. You can also manually monitor your stress levels whenever you need to stay on top of your mental well-being. 10
What is Galaxy Watch8 battery life capacity? Battery life on Galaxy Watch8 varies depending on the usage. The 4.0 cm model comes with a 325 mAh battery, and the 4.4 cm model has a 435 mAh battery. Both offer up to 30 hours of use in Always On Display (AOD) mode.
What is Galaxy Watch8 battery life capacity?
Battery life on Galaxy Watch8 varies depending on the usage. The 4.0 cm model comes with a 325 mAh battery, and the 4.4 cm model has a 435 mAh battery. Both offer up to 30 hours of use in Always On Display (AOD) mode.
Does Galaxy Watch8 support both LTE and Bluetooth? Galaxy Watch8 comes in both LTE and Bluetooth model, giving users flexible options depending on their lifestyle and environment. With the LTE version, you can make calls, send messages, stream music and receive notifications without needing your phone nearby. It's ideal for staying connected while on the go. The Bluetooth version allows you to use the watch independently in known networks, especially when you're at home, work or any place with Wi-Fi. Both options enable a high level of standalone functionality, ensuring you can stay connected your way — whether you're on the move or on a network.
Does Galaxy Watch8 support both LTE and Bluetooth?
Galaxy Watch8 comes in both LTE and Bluetooth model, giving users flexible options depending on their lifestyle and environment. With the LTE version, you can make calls, send messages, stream music and receive notifications without needing your phone nearby. It's ideal for staying connected while on the go. The Bluetooth version allows you to use the watch independently in known networks, especially when you're at home, work or any place with Wi-Fi. Both options enable a high level of standalone functionality, ensuring you can stay connected your way — whether you're on the move or on a network.
Which smartphones are compatible with Galaxy Watch8? Galaxy Watch8 works with smartphones running Android 12 or higher. 17
Which smartphones are compatible with Galaxy Watch8?
Galaxy Watch8 works with smartphones running Android 12 or higher. 17
Does Galaxy Watch8 have Dual-band GPS? Yes, Galaxy Watch8 has Dual-band GPS. It uses both L1 and L5 GPS for enhanced accuracy. 19 , 20
Does Galaxy Watch8 have Dual-band GPS?
Yes, Galaxy Watch8 has Dual-band GPS. It uses both L1 and L5 GPS for enhanced accuracy. 19 , 20
How do I charge Galaxy Watch8? You can charge Galaxy Watch8 using the Wireless Charger it comes with. Just place your watch on the charger for easy, wireless charging.
How do I charge Galaxy Watch8?
You can charge Galaxy Watch8 using the Wireless Charger it comes with. Just place your watch on the charger for easy, wireless charging.
How-to videos for Galaxy Watch8
How to use Sleep Coaching
How to use Running Coach
How to use Vascular Load
*Image simulated for illustrative purposes. Actual UX/UI may be different.
*Samsung account login may be required to use certain AI features.
Availability of colors, sizes, models and watch bands may vary by country or carrier. Back to Location
Sequences shortened and simulated. Results for illustrative purposes only. Back to Location
Compared to previous Galaxy Watch series. Back to Location
Based on Samsung's internal test results. 7 different poses were tested on the wrists of a total 100 individuals. Test was conducted with Galaxy Watch7 (Large), Galaxy Watch8 (Large) and Galaxy Watch6 Classic (Large) and Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Back to Location
Bedtime Guidance is available on Android phone (Android 11 and above) and requires Samsung Health app (v6.30.2 or later). Bedtime Guidance based on 3 days of sleep analysis of user's circadian rhythm and sleep pressure. Intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. The measurements are for your personal reference only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or sleep disorder. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Energy Score is available on Android phones (Android 11 or above) and requires Samsung Health app (v6.27 or above). Samsung Account login required. Service availability may vary by country, region, language. To check the Energy Score, the health data tracked from Samsung Galaxy Watch must be synchronized with the Samsung Health app. Needs at least the previous day's activity data and sleep, and heart rate data during sleep. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition. The result is for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Sleep Tracking features are intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or sleep disorder. The measurements are for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Sleep Coaching requires sleep data of at least 7 days (including 1 workday and 1 day off). Back to Location
Available on Samsung Health app v.6.24 or above and must be paired with Samsung Galaxy smartphones with Android OS 11 and above. Samsung account login required. Back to Location
Intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Back to Location
Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or disease. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Sleep Apnea feature requires Galaxy Watch8 with Wear OS 5.0 or later to be paired with a Samsung Galaxy smartphone with Android OS 12 or later and latest version of Samsung Health Monitor app. Back to Location
Sleep Apnea feature is currently available in some selected countries only. Sleep Apnea feature requires at least 2 days of sleep data within a span of 10 days (the two days do not necessarily have to be consecutive, but must be recorded within those 10 days). Back to Location
Running Coach program is available on Android phones (Android 10 or above) and requires Samsung Health app (v6.30.2 or above). Samsung account login required. Service only available with Galaxy Watch8 Series or later released Galaxy Watch Series. To use Running Coach program, user needs to take a running level test and get a level before starting the coach program. Back to Location
Personalized Heart Rate Zone enabled when selecting outdoor run activity. It is required to run consistently for more than 10 minutes with speed of 4km/h or faster. Back to Location
Compatible smartphones and available features may vary by country/region, carrier or device. Back to Location
Auto detect workouts must be turned on in Settings. Auto detect is not available for all workouts. Back to Location
GPS accuracy may vary depending on network environment and other factors. Back to Location
Internet connection required to increase GPS accuracy or to view outdoor exercise results along with the route map. GPS function can be used on LTE models without paired smartphone. Non-LTE models require Bluetooth connection to paired smartphone. To improve GPS accuracy, go to Settings > Location > Location Accuracy > Improve Location Accuracy. Back to Location
Vascular Load available on Android phones (Android 10 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app (v6.30.2 or above). Samsung account login required. To measure vascular load, it is required to wear Galaxy Watch (Galaxy Watch Ultra, Watch8 and later released Galaxy Watch series) when sleeping for at least 3 days out of recent 14 days. Back to Location
Vascular load monitoring is for fitness and wellness only. If you've been diagnosed with cardiovascular disease or are recovering from surgery, be sure to follow your doctor's treatment plan. This is a Labs feature that you can preview before its official launch. If you don't want to use this experimental feature, you can turn it off in Samsung Health settings. Back to Location
For accurate blood pressure readings, a calibration is required every 4 weeks by BP monitor & arm cuff. Requires a Galaxy smartphone running Android 10.0 or above. Back to Location
Availability of Blood Pressure app may vary by country or region. Due to country restrictions in obtaining approval/registration as a Software as a medical device (SaMD), Blood Pressure app only works on watches and smartphones purchased in the countries where service is currently available (however, service may be restricted when users travel to non-service countries). Check out https://www.samsung.com/apps/samsung-health-monitor for more information and latest update on service countries. It is not intended for use by people under 22 years old. Back to Location
Users should measure their blood pressure when at rest, as they would do with a traditional cuff, and refrain from measuring when they are working out, smoking or drinking. Blood Pressure app is not intended for any diagnostic purposes regarding hypertension or other heart conditions or users under 22 years old. Users should not interpret or take clinical action based on the device output without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional. Blood Pressure app is not intended to replace traditional methods of diagnosis or treatment. Back to Location
Measured blood pressure history can be reviewed within the Samsung Health Monitor app on a paired smartphone. Back to Location
Availability of ECG and of Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification (IHRN) may vary by country or region. Due to country restrictions in obtaining approval/registration as a Software as a medical device (SaMD), ECG app only works on watches and smartphones purchased in the countries where service is currently available (however, service may be restricted when users travel to non-service countries). Check out https://www.samsung.com/apps/samsung-health-monitor for more information and latest update on service countries. It is not intended for users by people under 22 years old. Users should not interpret or take clinical action based on the device output without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional. Back to Location
Antioxidant Index available on Android phones (Android 10 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app (v6.30.2 or above). Samsung account login required. Back to Location
To measure, place the center of your finger on the sensor at the back of the Watch and hold it for 5 seconds. While antioxidant index can be measured using any finger, the thumb is recommended for the most accurate result. Back to Location
Repeated measurement due to uneven skin texture may lead to different results. Back to Location
Antioxidant Index is for fitness and wellness only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition. Please consult a medical professional for advice if you're concerned about your antioxidant level. This is a Labs feature that you can preview before its official launch. If you don't want to use this experimental feature, you can turn it off in Samsung Health settings. Back to Location
Advanced Glycation End-products (AGEs) index requires Samsung Account login and Samsung Health app 6.27 or later. Available on devices with Android OS 10 (Q OS) or later. Requires wearing Galaxy Watch to sleep. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition. AGEs index is for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Body Composition is only supported in Samsung Galaxy Watch4 series and later released Galaxy Watch models. Body Composition should not be used if you have an implanted pacemaker or other implanted medical devices, or if you are pregnant. Any health-related information accessed through the device and application should not be treated as medical advice. Measurement results may not be accurate if you are under 20 years old. The measurements are for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Samsung Health Medications feature currently only available in the US, India and Korea. Intended to help users manage their medication list and schedule. Information provided is evidence-based content licensed from Elsevier, a global leader in information and analytics. Requires smartphone with Android 8.0 or later and Samsung Health app version 6.26 or later. Availability for the features may vary by device. Back to Location
Reminder feature requires adding medications beforehand to receive timely notifications. Back to Location
Mindfulness available on Android phones (Android 10 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app (Samsung Health app for mobile phones v6.29 or above, Samsung Health app for Galaxy Watch v6.30 or above). Samsung account login required. Back to Location
Mindfulness is intended for general wellness purposes only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition. Back to Location
The tracking is for your personal reference only. Please consult a professional for advice. Back to Location
Cycle Tracking is available for cycle and period prediction which is powered by Natural Cycles. Cycle Tracking based on skin temperature works on phones and watches purchased in the countries where the service is currently available. NOT INTENDED FOR CONTRACEPTION. If you are currently taking hormonal birth control or undergoing hormonal treatment that inhibits ovulation, this service will not be useful for tracking ovulation. Predictions displayed are for personal reference only. To improve the accuracy of predictions, it is recommended to wear your Galaxy Watch for at least 4 hours sleep at night, 5 times a week. Predictions may vary depending on the proper use of your watch, input data, environmental conditions, etc. Intended for users 18 years old and above. Users should not interpret or take clinical action based on the predictions made without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional. Back to Location
Cross app action feature requires internet connection and Google Account. Service availability may vary by country, language, device model. Works on compatible apps. Features may differ depending on subscription and results may vary. Set up may be required for certain functions or apps. Accuracy of results is not guaranteed. Back to Location
Gemini mobile app available on select devices, languages, and countries. Requires compatible Wear OS watch to be connected to a compatible device. Check responses for accuracy. Internet connection and set up may be required. Results for illustrative purposes and may vary. Google and Gemini are trademarks of Google LLC. Back to Location
Apps supported on Now bar may vary by software version, device model, region, etc. Back to Location
Additional Watch bands sold separately. Back to Location
Watch band availability may vary depending on country, region or carrier. Back to Location
Galaxy Watch8 must be paired with a smartphone with Android 12.0 or above and minimum 1.5 GB Memory. Back to Location
Advanced settings on the Galaxy Wearable app include Pinch Control and software update. Back to Location
Some features are only available on selected Samsung Galaxy smartphones. Back to Location
Galaxy Wearable app is not supported on iOS. Back to Location
Samsung Health Monitor app is only available on Samsung Galaxy smartphones. Back to Location
Availability and supported features may vary by country, region or carrier. Back to Location
Android and Google Play are trademarks of Google LLC. Back to Location
To be eligible for trade-in, your qualifying device must meet all Trade-In Program eligibility requirements, which include, but are not limited to, that the device powers on, holds a charge, and does not power off unexpectedly; has a functioning display; has no breaks or cracks in the screen (unless a cracked screen offer applies); has no breaks or cracks in the case; has no liquid damage (whether visible or not); has no other defects that go beyond normal wear and tear; is not on a black list; has a verified FCC ID; has been reset to factory settings; has all personal information removed; has all software locks disabled; and is owned by you (leased devices are not eligible). Back to Location
Size (Main Display) 3.4 cm
Body Weight (g) 30.0
Bluetooth Version Bluetooth v5.3
Sensors Accelerometer, Barometer, Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis Sensor, Electrical Heart Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Infrared Temperature Sensor, Light Sensor, Optical Heart Rate Sensor
Accelerometer, Barometer, Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis Sensor, Electrical Heart Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Infrared Temperature Sensor, Light Sensor, Optical Heart Rate Sensor
CPU Speed 1.6GHz, 1.5GHz
Body Dimension (HxWxD, mm) 42.7 x 40.4 x 8.6
Body Dimension (HxWxD, mm)
Infra Wi-Fi only, Bluetooth Only
Wi-Fi only, Bluetooth Only
Audio Playing Format MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, AMR, AWB
Audio Playing Format
MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, AMR, AWB
Location Technology GPS, Glonass, Beidou, Galileo
GPS, Glonass, Beidou, Galileo
Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n 2.4GHz+5GHz
802.11a/b/g/n 2.4GHz+5GHz
Bluetooth Profiles A2DP, AVRCP, HFP, HSP
A2DP, AVRCP, HFP, HSP
Wear OS Powered by Samsung
Technology (Main Display) Super AMOLED
Technology (Main Display)
Resolution (Main Display) 438 x 438
Resolution (Main Display)
Colour Depth (Main Display) 16M
Colour Depth (Main Display)
Available Storage (GB) 20.3
Available Storage (GB)
Physical specification
Battery Capacity (mAh, Typical) 325.0
Battery Capacity (mAh, Typical)
Usage Time (Hours, AOD Off) Up to 40
Usage Time (Hours, AOD Off)
Manufacturer’s Information
Manufactured by Dixon Technologies (India) Ltd., Plot No.6, Sector 90, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, U.P. India - 201305
Dixon Technologies (India) Ltd., Plot No.6, Sector 90, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, U.P. India - 201305
Country of Origin India
Imported by Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001
Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001
Contact us For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)
For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)
Launch date July 9 th , 2025
Product rating : 4.7
Recommended by 96 % of customers.
The smartwatch offers a sleek and comfortable design with a bright, responsive display.
It provides comprehensive health and fitness tracking features, including heart rate monitoring, sleep tracking, and guided workouts.
The user interface is responsive and customizable, and the device integrates seamlessly with Samsung smartphones.
While a few users reported minor issues with battery life and compatibility, the majority of reviews are highly positive, describing the smartwatch as a significant upgrade with impressive performance.
Reviews with images & videos
Relevancy sort puts the best reviews at the top. We look at things like helpfulness votes, latest review, pictures and other traits that readers look for in their reviews.
Thank you for taking the time to share this review with us about your experience with the Galaxy Watch8, which you have upgraded to from your previous Galaxy Watch4, Matt. We are glad to read that you think the product itself is great to use, especially thanks to its advanced health and fitness tracking features, as well as its smooth performance and clear display. However, we also appreciate that you wished for the strap to be of better quality, and for the battery to be more enduring. Please rest assured that the intelligent battery of this device continuously improves its performance as it learns your usage patterns and routine. In the meantime, you can follow the steps on this link to make the most of it right away: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/reduced-battery-life-on-your-samsung-galaxy-watch/ We will also make sure to pass this feedback along, although we would like to reassure you that all the straps of our watches are made with top-quality materials to be as enduring and comfortable as possible in the short and long term. You can also follow this link from our colleagues abroad, where you can view a useful guide about how to wear and clean your Samsung smart watch for the best experience: https://www.samsung.com/us/support/answer/ANS10003364/ ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for your feedback, Mark, and we're pleased to see that your wife considers the Galaxy Watch8 to already be an improvement to her Watch6. The Watch8 has been improved in every department, making it not only more responsive but more accurate. We've added even more ways to track your health and wellness throughout the day or night, and the display is even easier to read. You'll also get noticeably improved levels of performance from the battery, so that it's with you whenever you need it! ^DB at Samsung Support
We love reading that we’ve given you that five-star feeling. Keep enjoying your Galaxy Watch8! ^EW at Samsung Support
Congratulations on your new Galaxy Watch8 - what a great decision you made! ^EW at Samsung Support
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback. Thanks for sharing with us and giving us top marks! ^LB at Samsung Support
Thanks for the great review and sharing your feedback with us! Here is a great guide to help you make the most out of the stellar battery your watch has: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/reduced-battery-life-on-your-samsung-galaxy-watch/ Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team are on hand, you can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^LB at Samsung Support
We love hearing that we've given you that five-star feeling. Thanks for sharing your excellent feedback! ^EW at Samsung Support
Thank you for sharing such a detailed review! We're delighted to hear you're enjoying your new watch and that the comfort, smooth performance, battery life, and overall experience have made it a worthwhile upgrade. We also appreciate you letting us know about the cosmetic marks you noticed. Your feedback regarding the watch's finish and quality control is valuable, and we'll be sure to pass it on to the appropriate team for consideration.
We are thrilled to see you are loving your spectacular Watch8! Along with the purchase and delivery experience, we are delighted to see you purchased this smoothly, and our website will always have all the information needed, and will get your order delivered in no time! However, we are disheartened to see this experience has been let down by the description of the wireless chargers on our website. We include plenty of images of the product which shows the connector type at the end of the cable. Your feedback is greatly appreciated, and we'll take this on board to help improve our services in the future. ^LB at Samsung Support
Thanks for the great review and for sharing your feedback with us on your Galaxy Watch8! Here are some tips on how to optimise the battery life of the watch: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/reduced-battery-life-on-your-samsung-galaxy-watch Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team is on hand. You can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: Help & Contact Us | Samsung United Kingdom ^KF at Samsung Support
While we're pleased to hear that you found the Galaxy Watch8 easy to set up, we're sorry to learn that it hasn't quite met your expectations overall, Eagle. We understand your concerns about the battery life, particularly as you're not using features such as music playback or taking calls. Please rest assured that battery performance will improve over time as the watch learns your usage patterns. You can also find helpful tips on maximising battery life here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/reduced-battery-life-on-your-samsung-galaxy-watch/ If you've found the sound quality isn't as good as expected, please try following this step-by-step guide from our colleagues overseas: https://www.samsung.com/us/support/troubleshooting/TSG01110994/ You can also increase the font size on your watch by going to Settings > Display > Font size, making the on-screen text easier to read. We hope these suggestions help you get the very best from your Galaxy Watch8 and enjoy the five-star experience it has to offer. If you need any further assistance, our Support Team will be happy to help: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for your continued loyalty and upgrading with Samsung. We love having you with us! ^SK at Samsung Support
Tottenham court road
Our Watch range has always offered plenty of versatility, providing a range of functions to boost as many parts of your day as possible, Ravan, and the Watch8 not only continues this trend but adds to it. There are a wealth of other health tracking options available, on top of the running coach, to help you achieve all kind of health and wellness goals. Its slim build means you'll often forget that you're even wearing it, but the easy way it keeps you connected to your world means that you'll be kept abreast of everything that is happening. It's fantastic to see that you're already so impressed by it. ^DB at Samsung Support
We appreciate the time you’ve taken to let us know your wonderful feedback, and we’re thrilled to know you’re loving your Watch8! ^LB at Samsung Support
Congratulations on your new Galaxy Watch8. What a great decision you made! ^EW at Samsung Support
Hello Salbertarose, We appreciate you taking time out of your day to provide us product feedback. We will pass this to our relevant teams. For additional product feature feedback or troubleshooting support, please connect with our experts via Live Chat at www.samsung.com/ca/support/live-chat-support Thank you, Samsung Customer Care.
Thanks for the great review and sharing your feedback with us! Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team are on hand, you can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^LB at Samsung Support
We love to see that we've given you that five-star feeling. Thanks for sharing your excellent feedback! ^EW at Samsung Support
We love reading that we’ve given you that five-star feeling. Keep enjoying, Ahmed! ^SK at Samsung Support
We are pleased to see that you like the stylish and new cushion design of the Galaxy Watch8, as well as its smooth and bright 3,000 nits display, Sammina! You can get everything done more easily and quickly with just a tap on your wrist! ^CL at Samsung Support
It's fantastic to see that you were highly impressed with the Galaxy Watch8! It's packed with more innovative cutting-edge tech than ever. ^DB at Samsung Support
Thanks for sharing your feedback with us! Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Teams are on hand to help. You can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^EW at Samsung Support
Thank you for taking the time to share your detailed feedback. We're pleased to hear you like the design of your Galaxy Watch8, but we're sorry your setup experience, microphone issue and battery performance haven't met your expectations. We understand how frustrating repeated connection issues can be. We'd like the opportunity to help investigate these concerns. Please reach out to our support team via https://www.samsung.com/au/support/contact so they can assist with the microphone, connectivity and battery performance, and help ensure your watch is operating as intended. We appreciate your honest feedback.
Thank you for the love and sharing your superb experience with us, your words put a smile on our face. ^LB at Samsung Support
Dudley, West Midlands
Congratulations on your fantastic Galaxy Watch8, Benham! We are pleased to read that you like the refined design of this wearable product, as well as its smart interface and accurate health and fitness sensors. We can also confirm that the battery of this watch not only is long-lasting, but it is also smart, as it optimises itself the more you use it to keep up with your daily routine and tasks. This premium device offers a smart and comfortable experience, fully tailored to your daily needs! ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for your continued loyalty and for upgrading with Samsung. We love having you with us! ^EW at Samsung Support
Hi there, thank you for your detailed review! We’re delighted to hear the Galaxy Watch8 has been a perfect fit and that you’re enjoying the smooth software experience, watch face options, and lightweight design. We also appreciate your honest comments regarding battery life. Thank you for staying within the Galaxy ecosystem and for sharing your experience with us!
Hi there, thank you for such a detailed and thoughtful review! We’re thrilled to hear the Galaxy Watch8 has exceeded your expectations with comfort, battery life, charging speed, and health tracking features. It’s especially great to know it’s motivated you in your wellness journey. Thank you for the recommendation and enjoy your new watch!
We’re sorry to hear about the issues with sleep tracking and your support experience. That’s not the level of service we aim to provide. We understand how disappointing this must be, and we encourage you to reach out again so your case can be reviewed further: https://www.samsung.com/au/support/contact
Thank you for your wonderful review! We're delighted to hear the 40mm Galaxy Watch8 has been such a great fit for your lifestyle. It's fantastic to know you're enjoying its comfort, versatility and the valuable insights provided by the sleep and energy score features. We hope you continue enjoying your watch.
Hi Oxxa, Thank you for taking time out of your day to providing us product feedback. We will pass this to our relevant teams. For additional product feature feedback or troubleshooting support, please connect with our experts via Live Chat at https://www.samsung.com/ca/support/live-chat-support Thank you, Samsung Customer Care.
Thank you for taking the time to share with us this review about your amazing Galaxy Watch8! We are delighted to read that you found it very easy to set up this device, and that you like the seamless cushion design that has been newly added to it. With its slimmed-down profile to just 8.6mm, and the upgraded Dynamic Lug System, it offers a more refined look and a more comfortable fit. It is also great that you like the advanced health and fitness tracking features of this device, enhanced to the next level with new and even more accurate sensors. The Galaxy Watch8 is built to be great inside out! ^CL at Samsung Support
Hi, thank you for taking the time to share your experience. We're delighted to hear that your Galaxy Watch8 has been a significant upgrade from your previous watch and that you're enjoying the bright display, customisable interface, and improved band attachment system. We also appreciate your honest feedback regarding the watch band design. Thank you for choosing Samsung and enjoying the Galaxy Watch experience.
Hi, thank you for sharing such a detailed review. We're delighted to hear that your transition to the Android ecosystem has been such a positive experience and that your Galaxy Watch8 has exceeded your expectations. It's fantastic to know you're enjoying the speed, consistency, and depth of the health and fitness insights available through Samsung Health. We especially appreciate your feedback on how the watch caters to both users who enjoy exploring detailed metrics and those who prefer simple, easy-to-understand information. Providing meaningful, accessible health and wellness insights is something we continuously strive for, so it's wonderful to hear that these features are supporting your health and fitness journey. Thank you for choosing Samsung, and we hope you continue discovering even more ways your Galaxy Watch8 can help you stay connected, informed, and motivated.
Thanks for taking the time to review your new Galaxy Watch8, Dan! We're really pleased to hear that you're happy with it overall. You may wish to check out the following link from our US colleagues for assistance with your step count, as it contains lots of handy troubleshooting steps for this: https://www.samsung.com/us/support/troubleshooting/TSG01003112/ The BioActive Sensor uses multi-wavelength absorption to measure skin carotenoids, and carotenoids are powerful antioxidants which are related to a number of health benefits. Should you need further support, our friendly Support Team are on hand to help. You can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^EW at Samsung Support
Thank you for this five-star review of the amazing Galaxy Watch8, Lexo! We are delighted to know that you are impressed by the smart and extremely intuitive One UI 8 interface of this brilliant piece of tech, as well as by its cushioned design, which makes it comfortable and easy to use on your wrist. It is also great that you like its excellent performance, as well as its seamless synchronisation and tracking of all your activities and health data. The Galaxy Watch8 welcomes you to the new era of smartwatch technology! ^CL at Samsung Support
It is great to see you are loving your new epic Watch8, Alfred! With the 325 mAh battery, you can get up to 40 hours of usage time with Always On Display disabled, and up to 30 hours with it enabled. Along with the smooth connectivity and stunning 1.3" Super AMOLED display, you'll always be wowed! ^LB at Samsung Support
Hello LeiG, We appreciate you taking time out of your day to provide us product feedback. We will pass this to our relevant teams. For additional product feature feedback or troubleshooting support, please connect with our experts via Live Chat at www.samsung.com/ca/support/live-chat-support Thank you, Samsung Customer Care.
Hello CaSk, We appreciate you sharing your experience with us. We’re sorry to hear that you experienced challenges with your product and will share this feedback to our relevant teams. If you would like to provide additional feedback or discuss this ticket further, our email support will be happy to assist by visiting https://www.samsung.com/ca/support/emailsupport/ and choosing ‘Email General Support’ Thank you, Samsung Customer Care
Hello HappyBigKnows, Thank you for taking time out of your day to providing us product feedback. We will pass this to our relevant teams. For additional product feature feedback or troubleshooting support, please connect with our experts via Live Chat at www.samsung.com/ca/support/live-chat-support Thank you, Samsung Customer Care.
Hi Mev, We appreciate you sharing your experience with us. We’re sorry to hear that you experienced challenges with your product and will share this feedback to our relevant teams. If you would like to provide additional feedback or discuss this ticket further, our email support will be happy to assist by visiting https://www.samsung.com/ca/support/emailsupport and choosing ‘Email General Support’ Thank you, Samsung Customer Care
We’re so glad you’re loving the upgrade to your new Galaxy Watch! It’s great to hear the improved battery life and display are making such a difference day to day, enjoy every moment with it.
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback regarding the Galaxy Watch 8, Bob. Thanks for sharing with us and giving us top marks! ^DB at Samsung Support
Tottenham Court Road
Thank you for this thoughtful review about the Galaxy Watch8, Milli! Battery life is a big priority for many users, and it's great to know you're getting multiple days of use on a single charge. We are also happy to hear that the connectivity and health sensors are working well for you, in particular the heart rate monitoring, which is designed to be both accurate and consistent. We also appreciate you noticing the new interface, which we have further improved for a more intuitive experience, and we’re glad you were able to get used to it quickly. Additionally, it’s great that the watch fits your wrist comfortably thanks to the compact, cushioned design of our new model, which doesn't sacrifice screen quality or performance. The Galaxy Watch8 is a helpful and reliable part of your day! ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for the five stars, Amanda! Enjoy every moment with this powerful watch! ^CL at Samsung Support
We’re absolutely buzzing to hear how much you’re loving your Galaxy Watch8, George! It’s fantastic to know that your first experience with a Galaxy Watch has been such a hit. We designed the Watch8 to be a powerful blend of style, intelligence, and wellness support, and your feedback captures that vision beautifully. We’re thrilled that the new One UI and Gemini AI are making your day-to-day smarter and more seamless, having that kind of tech right on your wrist is what Galaxy innovation is all about. And we couldn’t agree more: the vivid display and lightweight, premium design make it a joy to wear and use. It’s great to see how much you’re enjoying the health features, from ECG and blood pressure to sleep tracking and stress monitoring. We’re especially excited that you’re looking forward to testing the Running Coach and Sleep Coach, these tools are designed to give you truly personalized insights and help you reach your wellness goals with confidence. Many thanks for the five stars! ^CH at Samsung Support
Thanks for the great review and sharing your feedback with us! With the 435 mAh battery, we know you can get up to 40 hours of usage time with Always On Display disabled, here is a great guide to help you get the best out of the battery: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/reduced-battery-life-on-your-samsung-galaxy-watch/ Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team are on hand, you can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^LB at Samsung Support
We are over the moon to see you are loving your Watch8, Kate! Thanks to the exceptional signature cushion design, this is our slimmest watch yet, and with the Dynamic Lug System, this will feel perfect on your wrist! The huge 435 mAh battery will give you up to 40 hours of usage time with Always On Display disabled which will help you make the most out of it! Along with Galaxy AI, it will help you manage your Energy Score, Sleep Tracking and Sleep Apnea and with Sleep Coaching, you can get the best sleep! The striking 1.5" Super AMOLED display will bring everything to life on the screen! ^LB at Samsung Support
We appreciate the time you’ve taken to let us know your amazing feedback, and we’re ecstatic to know you’re loving your Galaxy Watch8. ^KF at Samsung Support
These reviews are managed by Bazaarvoice and comply with the Bazaarvoice Authenticity Policy, which is supported by anti-fraud technology and human analysis. Details at
Link copied to clipboard!
User manual & downloads
How to use the personalised Running coach feature on your Galaxy Watch8 and Watch8 Classic
How to attach the band to your Galaxy Watch8 and Watch8 Classic
What to do when your Samsung Galaxy Watch will not connect
How to back up your Samsung Galaxy Watch before repairing a cracked or broken back cover
Features of the Samsung Find app
Find answers the question you have about the product
Get the most from Samsung device and services.
See how products work and get advice on which models fit your needs.
*Images shown here are for representational purpose only, actual may vary. All features, specifications and prices are subject to change without prior notice. Model availability may vary from location to location.
Installment Plans Disclaimer
HAVE QUESTIONS? LET US HELP.
Get alert when this item is back in stock and available to buy, by adding your email or phone number to opt into alerts.
Please double check your email address.
By providing your email/mobile number you agree to marketing communications & inventory alerts from Samsung on Email, SMS & WhatsApp. By clicking submit you are agreeing to the above Terms and Conditions.
We will notify you when inventory is added. Thank you.