AI Suggested Searches
Galaxy Watch8 Classic (LTE, 4.6 cm)
{{priceAnchor.priceWrapper.info.noLineOrignal}}
{{priceAnchor.priceWrapper.info.ceExchangePrice}}
Ultimate AI Health Coach
Behold, the Classic ahead of its time
Close up of Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Scene changes. Galaxy Watch8 Classic faces the front, with Rotating Bezel rotating. Watch face resembles traditional watch and the hands move clockwise. Scene changes. Galaxy Watch8 Classic is zoomed out, showing the entire device with Hybrid Band attached.
Introducing Galaxy Watch8 Classic, a true masterpiece perfected for modern excellence. The iconic Rotating Bezel and Quick Button deliver timeless sophistication , while the upgraded Dynamic Lug System allows for a flawless fit .
Exceptional both inside and out, Galaxy Watch8 Classic now features the signature cushion design that unlocks new possibilities. Discover what greater things you can do with AI on Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Redefine productivity by performing tasks across different apps with simple commands . Take charge of your well-being with AI-powered health features that provide personalized insights into your sleep, workout, heart activity and more. Galaxy Watch8 Classic is your personal wellness coach that stays with you.
Meet the next-level innovation on Galaxy Watch8 Classic
New look with new possibilities
Close-up of Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Rotating Bezel is rotating. Side view of Galaxy Watch8 Classic, focusing on the Quick Button. Button is clicked and exercise tracking feature appears onscreen.
Enhanced power for effortless health monitoring
Chipset slightly above its place inside Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Chipset in its place with light glowing around it to emphasize the advanced processor.
Get instant assistance from your wrist
Galaxy Watch8 Classic slightly tilted. Text box that indicates the voice command feature of Google Gemini. Text Hey Google, summarize my last email. Watch face changes to Google Gemini. Time at the top, text Ask Google Gemini in the middle.
Build healthy habits with personal coaching
Two Galaxy Watch8 Classic devices facing each other, one with traditional watch-like watch face onscreen and the other with Running Coach feature onscreen. The one on the left displays Bedtime Guidance feature with Samsung Health icon at the top and text Bedtime guidance, 9:00 PM, Try going to sleep between 11:00 PM and 11:30 PM tonight. The one on the right displays checkmark icon and text Passed!. Confetti is also onscreen.
"Galaxy Watch8 Classic brings back the rotating bezel with its satisfying navigation." CNN Underscored 07/2025
"Impressive how well Gemini on the Galaxy Watch8 handles long, stream-of-consciousness questions." CNET 07/2025
"Samsung aims to help you become healthier by motivating you through instant feedback." PhoneArena 06/2025
Where innovation meets timeless design
The iconic Rotating Bezel is back. A signature Classic feature, the Rotating Bezel makes Galaxy Watch8 Classic look sophisticated, much like an elegant timepiece. Not only is it aesthetically pleasing but it's also functional — turn the Rotating Bezel to enjoy smooth and intuitive scrolling . The Rotating Bezel and the new cushion design together shape Galaxy Watch8 Classic as the epitome of smartwatches. 1
Close-up of Galaxy Watch8 Classic with the focus on the Rotating Bezel.
Power-packed cushion design
Unlock high-level performance with a design that blends form and function. Newly introduced to the Classic, the cushion design is all about a cutting-edge, rounded square that encases the latest smartwatch technology .
Square shape with rounded corners appears. Square turns into Galaxy Watch8 Classic. The silhouette can be seen. Skeleton view of the inside appears. The device slightly tilts to the left.
Redesigned to fit better
Galaxy Watch8 Classic's watch face in night view mode appears to indicate the display is clearly visible at night. The rest of the device appears and the Watch band snaps on to indicate the improved Dynamic Lug System. Watch face changes to regular mode. Wrist appears and Galaxy Watch8 Classic is attached to the wrist. The wrist is turned to indicate the upgraded fit of the Dynamic Lug System.
Experience the most comfortable Galaxy Watch Classic yet. The improved Dynamic Lug System ensures that Galaxy Watch8 Classic fits ever so snugly on your wrist , with the angles adjusted for Galaxy Watch8 Classic to stay secure in its place. The Dynamic Lug System is also enhanced to make it easy for you to change your Watch bands in a snap. 5 , 6
A touch of premium with Quick Button
Newly introduced to the Classic model, the Quick Button expands the capabilities of Galaxy Watch8 Classic. The traditional watch element embodies the heritage design of a high-end timepiece. At the same time, Quick Button functions as a physical button that helps you quickly access features or launch apps with a reassuring click. 7
Galaxy Watch8 Classic showing its side view. Quick Button is pressed and screen changes to Running Coach mode. Device slowly turns towards the front.
Classic colors that complete any look
Galaxy Watch8 Classic is available in two timeless colors, Black and White . The deep, rich Black exudes refinement and makes a bold statement for any occasion, while the fresh, crisp White offers a minimal, modern look. Whether dressing up for a night out or breaking a sweat with a run outdoors, Galaxy Watch8 Classic effortlessly elevates any outfit, delivering a polished and versatile look. 1
Three different views of Galaxy Watch8 Classic in Black. Partial view of Galaxy Watch8 Classic in close-up. Full front view of Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Side view of Galaxy Watch8 Classic, emphasizing the Rotating Bezel.
Three different views of Galaxy Watch8 Classic in White. Partial view of Galaxy Watch8 Classic in close-up. Full front view of Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Side view of Galaxy Watch8 Classic, emphasizing the Rotating Bezel.
Which bands are the best fit for Galaxy Watch8 Classic?
Powerful inside and out
Always bright. Even in sunlight The new bright display on Galaxy Watch8 Classic ensures unmatched clarity in any lighting condition. Under the bright sun or in dim surroundings, the increased brightness of up to 3,000 nits delivers crisp, vibrant visuals. Track your progress while running your favorite route, check the latest score of the team you follow, monitor your heart rate status and more on the brilliant display while you're out and about. 5 pause View More
Always bright. Even in sunlight
The new bright display on Galaxy Watch8 Classic ensures unmatched clarity in any lighting condition. Under the bright sun or in dim surroundings, the increased brightness of up to 3,000 nits delivers crisp, vibrant visuals. Track your progress while running your favorite route, check the latest score of the team you follow, monitor your heart rate status and more on the brilliant display while you're out and about. 5
Boosted performance, backed by 64 GB storage Supercharge your daily routine with the powerful 3 nm processor that supports fast performance with seamless responsiveness. Multitask or navigate apps with less lag — Galaxy Watch8 Classic helps you stay productive without slowing you down. Plus, with a large 64 GB storage , you won't be concerned about running out of space for your essential files and apps. pause View More
Boosted performance, backed by 64 GB storage
Supercharge your daily routine with the powerful 3 nm processor that supports fast performance with seamless responsiveness. Multitask or navigate apps with less lag — Galaxy Watch8 Classic helps you stay productive without slowing you down. Plus, with a large 64 GB storage , you won't be concerned about running out of space for your essential files and apps.
Get things done, all from your wrist
Maximize productivity with Galaxy Watch8 Classic, even on the go. Google Gemini is your conversational and capable assistant that you can speak to naturally using your voice . Ask for help to create a message to your friend saying that you're running late, or summarize your last email out loud. You can even tell Gemini to remember important information like where you parked or which locker you used — all from your wrist. 2 , 3
Rise and shine with AI-powered insights
Start your day smarter with personalized stats
Accomplish more and feel great all day, every day with Energy Score . By tracking data like sleep time average, previous day activity and sleeping heart rate, Galaxy AI provides tailored insights and proactive tips to optimize your energy from the time you wake up to the moment you go to bed. Start strong, stay energized and finish at your best. 7 , 8
Galaxy Watch8 Classic with Energy Score onscreen. The Energy Score starts from 60 and increases to 92, along with the progress bar below. Today's Energy Score is 6 points up from yesterday and the Energy Score level is Excellent. Three Energy Score GUI appear. One is Energy score factors, each with its level. Sleep time average is Good, Sleep time consistency is Excellent, Sleep regularity is Excellent, Sleep timing is Excellent, Previous day activity is Good. Second GUI is Previous day activity, showing Active time 40 minutes and the related graph. Third GUI is Sleeping heart rate with a chart that highlights the user's usual range from 62 bpm to 68 bpm along with the user's sleeping heart rate.
Form a healthy bedtime routine
Wake up feeling ready to take on the day with Bedtime Guidance . Based on the sleep data tracked from your Galaxy Watch8 Classic, receive detailed reports on your sleep patterns to understand how much rest you truly need and the best bedtime for you . As your day nears the end, Bedtime Guidance gently nudges you to start winding down, helping you get plenty of sleep to stay sharp and engaged all day. 4
Sleep Tracking Gain sleep insights and get deeper rest Receive in-depth insights on your rest and recovery with Sleep Tracking . Galaxy Watch8 Classic monitors your sleep stages, sleep duration, heart rate and blood oxygen level while you sleep, and Samsung Health gives you comprehensive reports. By understanding your sleep habits, you can take meaningful steps toward developing healthier practices for more restorative rest. 9 View More
Gain sleep insights and get deeper rest
Receive in-depth insights on your rest and recovery with Sleep Tracking . Galaxy Watch8 Classic monitors your sleep stages, sleep duration, heart rate and blood oxygen level while you sleep, and Samsung Health gives you comprehensive reports. By understanding your sleep habits, you can take meaningful steps toward developing healthier practices for more restorative rest. 9
Sleep Coaching Improve your sleep with Sleep Coaching Sleep deeper and recharge more effectively with personalized Sleep Coaching . While you sleep, Galaxy Watch8 Classic continuously checks your sleep data and Samsung Health delivers detailed insights into your sleep patterns and habits . For three to four weeks, complete missions and receive practical tips to improve your sleep quality to wake up on the right side of the bed. 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 View More
Improve your sleep with Sleep Coaching
Sleep deeper and recharge more effectively with personalized Sleep Coaching . While you sleep, Galaxy Watch8 Classic continuously checks your sleep data and Samsung Health delivers detailed insights into your sleep patterns and habits . For three to four weeks, complete missions and receive practical tips to improve your sleep quality to wake up on the right side of the bed. 10 , 11 , 12 , 13
Sleep Apnea Look out for signs of sleep apnea Watch out for signs of sleep apnea with Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Throughout the night, Galaxy Watch8 Classic tracks oxygen saturation levels and dips to detect possible symptoms, using FDA-authorized sleep apnea risk detection . In the morning, review your sleep details on Samsung Health Monitor app to see if you had any trouble breathing during sleep. Increase awareness of your sleep quality through Galaxy Watch8 Classic. 14 , 15 , 16 View More
Look out for signs of sleep apnea
Watch out for signs of sleep apnea with Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Throughout the night, Galaxy Watch8 Classic tracks oxygen saturation levels and dips to detect possible symptoms, using FDA-authorized sleep apnea risk detection . In the morning, review your sleep details on Samsung Health Monitor app to see if you had any trouble breathing during sleep. Increase awareness of your sleep quality through Galaxy Watch8 Classic. 14 , 15 , 16
Keep moving and keep winning
Run at your own pace with a personal coach
Make progress the right way with Running Coach . Start by measuring your running capacity to receive personal training that works uniquely for you . Track your records and routes with improved GPS accuracy — whether you're navigating city streets, mountain trails or forest paths. Watch your progress and get ready to cross off that marathon on your New Year's resolution list. 7 , 17
Slightly tilted Galaxy Watch8 Classic is on one side with Running coaching feature onscreen. In the back, running icon can be seen to indicate progress. Text Your running level. Number 2. Screen scrolls down, showing two buttons: View training plan and Show on phone. Galaxy Watch8 Classic turns to face the front. Onscreen, text Beta, Running coach, text 1 Hill training, 40 minutes, 4.31 kilometers. Workout 1 to 4 in the background to indicate that you can check your running level through 4 steps. Galaxy Watch8 Classic displaying 12:45, 5 minutes 15 seconds, Main distance 2.33, Main average 5 minutes 30 seconds, heart rate 165. Galaxy Watch8 Classic tilts backwards and display dims. Above the device are checkmark icon and text Passed!. Confetti can be seen, indicating the user reached an exercise milestone. Number 3 icon that indicates running level 3 appears above Galaxy Watch8 Classic.
Personalized HR Zone Train better with Personalized HR Zone Work out with optimal intensity through Personalized HR Zones . Check your heart's capacity and plan exercise sessions tailored to your specific needs. During outdoor runs, keep an eye on your progress by monitoring whether you're in your target heart rate zone . Understand your body better while also making sure that you're training at the right level for peak performance. 18 View More
Personalized HR Zone
Train better with Personalized HR Zone
Work out with optimal intensity through Personalized HR Zones . Check your heart's capacity and plan exercise sessions tailored to your specific needs. During outdoor runs, keep an eye on your progress by monitoring whether you're in your target heart rate zone . Understand your body better while also making sure that you're training at the right level for peak performance. 18
Daily Activity Stay motivated with daily goals Close the rings and finish your day strong with Daily Activity . Set your step, calorie and activity time goals and monitor your movement from day to night. Walk, exercise or simply go about your day to reach your daily activity goals. Relish the satisfaction of completing the heart-shaped progress trackers — the victory will drive you toward your next goal. View More
Stay motivated with daily goals
Close the rings and finish your day strong with Daily Activity . Set your step, calorie and activity time goals and monitor your movement from day to night. Walk, exercise or simply go about your day to reach your daily activity goals. Relish the satisfaction of completing the heart-shaped progress trackers — the victory will drive you toward your next goal.
Exercise Tracking Track your moves easily with Exercise Tracking Discover how far you've come on your fitness journey with Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Track data from your average pace to cadence, advanced running metrics and VO 2 max to stay on top of your progress. Set out to beat your personal best to stay focused and committed to your fitness goals. 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 View More
Track your moves easily with Exercise Tracking
Discover how far you've come on your fitness journey with Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Track data from your average pace to cadence, advanced running metrics and VO 2 max to stay on top of your progress. Set out to beat your personal best to stay focused and committed to your fitness goals. 19 , 20 , 21 , 22
Keep track of your heart health while you sleep
Manage the amount of stress on your vascular system overnight with Galaxy Watch8 Classic. For the first 3 nights, Galaxy Watch8 Classic establishes your baseline measurement, then regularly tracks your vascular load and compares it to previous data, revealing trends over time. Stay on top of your overall heart health by maintaining a low vascular load to prevent heart-related diseases. 7 , 23 , 24
Back of Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Sensor is lighted up to indicate tracking. Galaxy Watch8 Classic disappears and sensor light turns into a line that connects to a heart. Heart rate graph circles the pumping heart. Scene changes. Galaxy Watch8 Classic with watch band attached. Vascular Load feature is onscreen, displaying text Steady, related graph and text Your vascular load is consistent.
BP Keep an eye on your blood pressure Track your blood pressure regularly with Galaxy Watch8 Classic to keep tabs on your health. Simply calibrate your Galaxy Watch8 Classic to measure your systolic and diastolic pressure. Keep logs of the readings on Samsung Health Monitor app to make sure your heart is pumping strong. Look out for fluctuations in your heart's activity to make informed decisions such as changing your diet or scheduling a visit to the doctor's office. 25 , 26 , 27 , 28 View More
Keep an eye on your blood pressure
Track your blood pressure regularly with Galaxy Watch8 Classic to keep tabs on your health. Simply calibrate your Galaxy Watch8 Classic to measure your systolic and diastolic pressure. Keep logs of the readings on Samsung Health Monitor app to make sure your heart is pumping strong. Look out for fluctuations in your heart's activity to make informed decisions such as changing your diet or scheduling a visit to the doctor's office. 25 , 26 , 27 , 28
ECG Take an ECG to check your heart's rhythm Get insights into your heart health with Electrocardiogram (ECG) tests. Look out for any irregularities in your heart rhythm by recording the electrical activity across your chest. Check how your heart is beating to understand your heart's condition. Keep the records of ECG results to follow trends and stay on top of your heart health . 29 View More
Take an ECG to check your heart's rhythm
Get insights into your heart health with Electrocardiogram (ECG) tests. Look out for any irregularities in your heart rhythm by recording the electrical activity across your chest. Check how your heart is beating to understand your heart's condition. Keep the records of ECG results to follow trends and stay on top of your heart health . 29
IHRN Stay alert to heart irregularities Watch for irregularities in your heart rhythm with Galaxy Watch8 Classic to gain a better understanding of your heart's condition. Turn on Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification (IHRN) on Samsung Health Monitor app, and Galaxy Watch8 Classic will monitor your pulse throughout the day. If signs of irregular heart rhythm , like atrial fibrillation (AFib), are detected, you'll receive an alert prompting you to take an ECG for a detailed analysis of your heart activity. Stay informed, take control and maintain good heart health. 29 View More
Stay alert to heart irregularities
Watch for irregularities in your heart rhythm with Galaxy Watch8 Classic to gain a better understanding of your heart's condition. Turn on Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification (IHRN) on Samsung Health Monitor app, and Galaxy Watch8 Classic will monitor your pulse throughout the day. If signs of irregular heart rhythm , like atrial fibrillation (AFib), are detected, you'll receive an alert prompting you to take an ECG for a detailed analysis of your heart activity. Stay informed, take control and maintain good heart health. 29
Give a thumbs up to a balanced diet
Track your Antioxidant Index to take charge of your health for a more youthful future. A simple press of your thumb on the sensor measures your antioxidant index, reflecting the balance of fruits and vegetables in your diet. The higher your antioxidant index, the better your nutritional intake. Monitor your progress as you work toward slowing down the effects of aging. 7 , 30 , 31 , 32 , 33
Back of Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Sensor is lighted up to indicate tracking. A thumb is placed on the sensor to track Antioxidant Index. The device turns and displays the result, with Labs icon, time 5:35 PM, text Adequate, 92. Bar graph and Measure button also onscreen.
Stress Maintain control of your stress level Redirect your stress into productivity and strength. Stay ahead of burnout by gaining valuable insights on the level of stress you are feeling at the moment. When you feel a build up of pressure, reset with guided Breathing Exercises that are designed to help you regain the power to take on the rest of the day with renewed confidence and composure. View More
Maintain control of your stress level
Redirect your stress into productivity and strength. Stay ahead of burnout by gaining valuable insights on the level of stress you are feeling at the moment. When you feel a build up of pressure, reset with guided Breathing Exercises that are designed to help you regain the power to take on the rest of the day with renewed confidence and composure.
Breathing Exercises Breathe in, breathe out, stay balanced Clear your mind and refocus your thoughts with guided breathing exercises that are available on Galaxy Watch8 Classic. When you need to relax and relieve tension, practice breathing by choosing from three built-in techniques. You can also create your own to help you unwind effectively after a busy day you've had. View More
Breathe in, breathe out, stay balanced
Clear your mind and refocus your thoughts with guided breathing exercises that are available on Galaxy Watch8 Classic. When you need to relax and relieve tension, practice breathing by choosing from three built-in techniques. You can also create your own to help you unwind effectively after a busy day you've had.
Medication Get reminders to take your medications Manage your medications conveniently with Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Add your medications and easily access detailed information on potential interactions between drugs , food and other lifestyle factors. Use the Reminder feature for timely notifications to make sure you never miss a dose. From daily prescriptions to the occasional supplements, stay in control of your medication schedule. 12 , 13 , 35 , 36 View More
Get reminders to take your medications
Manage your medications conveniently with Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Add your medications and easily access detailed information on potential interactions between drugs , food and other lifestyle factors. Use the Reminder feature for timely notifications to make sure you never miss a dose. From daily prescriptions to the occasional supplements, stay in control of your medication schedule. 12 , 13 , 35 , 36
Body Composition Meet your fitness goals with insights Continue to thrive on your fitness journey by measuring your body composition with ease. Place your fingers on Galaxy Watch8 Classic to monitor key metrics such as weight, body fat and skeletal muscle to understand the changes in your body. Based on the data, set your goals for each index and adjust your exercise plans accordingly, whether it's building more muscles or losing weight. Keep moving forward with motivational messages from Galaxy Watch8 Classic. 19 , 34 , 37 View More
Meet your fitness goals with insights
Continue to thrive on your fitness journey by measuring your body composition with ease. Place your fingers on Galaxy Watch8 Classic to monitor key metrics such as weight, body fat and skeletal muscle to understand the changes in your body. Based on the data, set your goals for each index and adjust your exercise plans accordingly, whether it's building more muscles or losing weight. Keep moving forward with motivational messages from Galaxy Watch8 Classic. 19 , 34 , 37
AGEs index Check your AGEs index overnight Optimize your metabolism by checking Advanced Glycation End-products (AGEs) index . Galaxy Watch8 Classic tracks your AGEs index overnight and shows the results in a simple bar graph. A high AGEs index indicates potential health issues like cardiovascular disease or high blood pressure, signaling a need for dietary changes. A low AGEs index reflects a balanced diet. Get practical tips on how to incorporate low-glycemic foods into your diet to keep your AGEs index low and support overall health. 38 View More
Check your AGEs index overnight
Optimize your metabolism by checking Advanced Glycation End-products (AGEs) index . Galaxy Watch8 Classic tracks your AGEs index overnight and shows the results in a simple bar graph. A high AGEs index indicates potential health issues like cardiovascular disease or high blood pressure, signaling a need for dietary changes. A low AGEs index reflects a balanced diet. Get practical tips on how to incorporate low-glycemic foods into your diet to keep your AGEs index low and support overall health. 38
The all-new One UI 8
Unleash the full potential of One UI 8 with its bold, simple redesign. Instantly access the information that matters most to you with the multi-info tile and streamlined notifications . Open your favorite apps effortlessly from the top of the app list and view active apps on the Now bar — from exercise tracking to timers, recordings and more. Be in the know as you go with One UI 8. 7 , 39
Galaxy Watch8 Classic is in the center, with Running mode shown on Now bar. On both sides of the Watch, different widgets are displayed: Sleep, Energy Score, weather, calendar, battery level, music, Bluetooth. All indicate the simple, new look of One UI and its upgraded usability.
Tailor your Watch to any occasion
Change your watch face and band to match any event. With just a swap, customize your Galaxy Watch8 Classic for business meetings, formal events, casual rooftop parties and more. Choose from five premium bands that change easily to refine your style and personalize your watch face to match with the complication of your choice. Craft your own classic, timeless look. 40 , 41
Expanded Galaxy Wearable experience
Get started with your Galaxy Watch seamlessly on your Android™ smartphone . Simply download Galaxy Wearable and Samsung Health apps from Google Play to connect your Android phone to your Galaxy Watch. Now, you can experience the latest Galaxy Wearable device — Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Enjoy the features, from health tracking to sleep coaching, that are integrated into a sleek cushion design. 42 , 43 , 44 , 45 , 46 , 47 , 48
Switch and protect with reliable plans
Time to upgrade with Trade-In Simply trade in your old device and receive immediate savings for your new Galaxy Watch8 Classic. 49 Learn more
Time to upgrade with Trade-In
Simply trade in your old device and receive immediate savings for your new Galaxy Watch8 Classic. 49
Care around the clock with Samsung Care+ Safeguard your device against accidental damage, unexpected breakdowns and even theft. Learn more
Care around the clock with Samsung Care+
Safeguard your device against accidental damage, unexpected breakdowns and even theft.
Find the Watch that fits you best
Better connected, better together
From taking calls to watching content, your Galaxy smartphone keeps your devices in sync for a smart, smooth, seamless Galaxy experience.
Find your best Galaxy
Galaxy Watch8 Classic
Galaxy Watch6 Classic
Galaxy Watch4 Classic
Material Stainless Steel
Material Armor Aluminum
Processor 3 nm Processor, 5 Core
Processor 5 nm Processor, 2 Core
GPS L1+L5 Dual- Frequency GPS
Connectivity Bluetooth / Bluetooth + LTE
Memory / Storage 2 GB / 64 GB
Memory / Storage 2 GB / 16 GB
Memory / Storage 2 GB / 32 GB
Display Brightness Up to 3000 nits
Display Brightness Up to 2000 nits
Durability 5ATM + IP68 / MIL- STD-810H
Battery 445 mAh Up to 30 hrs (*AOD On)
Battery 425 mAh Up to 30 hrs (*AOD On)
Battery 435 mAh Up to 30 hrs (*AOD On)
Safety and Emergency SOS / Fall detection
Safety and Emergency
Health Energy Score - not available Bedtime Guidance High Stress Alert Running Coach Personalized Heart Rate Zone Personalized Functional Threshold Power AGEs Index Vascular Load Blood Pressure ECG Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification Antioxidant Body Composition - not available
Health Energy Score - not available Bedtime Guidance - not available - not available Personalized Heart Rate Zone - not available - not available - not available Blood Pressure ECG Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification - not available Body Composition - not available
Google Gemini O available
Google Gemini - not available
Quick Button O available
Quick Button - not available
Frequently Asked Questions
What has changed with Galaxy Watch8 Classic's design? Galaxy Watch8 Classic boasts a cushion design for a unified identity across the Galaxy Watch8 Series. The improved Dynamic Lug System makes switching Watch bands easier and provides a more snug, comfortable fit. 5 , 6
What has changed with Galaxy Watch8 Classic's design?
Galaxy Watch8 Classic boasts a cushion design for a unified identity across the Galaxy Watch8 Series. The improved Dynamic Lug System makes switching Watch bands easier and provides a more snug, comfortable fit. 5 , 6
Why is Galaxy Watch8 Classic good for outdoor activities? Galaxy Watch8 Classic features a brilliant, crystal-clear display with 3,000 nits brightness, which makes the screen clearly visible even in the bright sunlight. With an enhanced 3 nm processor, you can use different features at the same time, from exercise tracking to health monitoring, with more power and efficiency.
Why is Galaxy Watch8 Classic good for outdoor activities?
Galaxy Watch8 Classic features a brilliant, crystal-clear display with 3,000 nits brightness, which makes the screen clearly visible even in the bright sunlight. With an enhanced 3 nm processor, you can use different features at the same time, from exercise tracking to health monitoring, with more power and efficiency.
What colors and sizes do Galaxy Watch8 Classic come in? Galaxy Watch8 Classic is available in Black and White. It comes in one size, 4.6 cm. 1
What colors and sizes do Galaxy Watch8 Classic come in?
Galaxy Watch8 Classic is available in Black and White. It comes in one size, 4.6 cm. 1
Can Galaxy Watch8 Classic monitor my stress levels? Yes, Galaxy Watch8 Classic can monitor your stress levels. You can set up Galaxy Watch8 Classic to automatically track your stress levels throughout the day. When the levels are high, you'll receive alerts and you can take guided breathing exercises to relieve tension. You can also manually monitor your stress levels whenever you need to stay on top of your mental well-being.
Can Galaxy Watch8 Classic monitor my stress levels?
Yes, Galaxy Watch8 Classic can monitor your stress levels. You can set up Galaxy Watch8 Classic to automatically track your stress levels throughout the day. When the levels are high, you'll receive alerts and you can take guided breathing exercises to relieve tension. You can also manually monitor your stress levels whenever you need to stay on top of your mental well-being.
What is Galaxy Watch8 Classic battery life capacity? Battery life on Galaxy Watch8 Classic varies depending on the usage. With a 445 mAh battery, it offers up to 30 hours of use on Always on Display (AOD) mode.
What is Galaxy Watch8 Classic battery life capacity?
Battery life on Galaxy Watch8 Classic varies depending on the usage. With a 445 mAh battery, it offers up to 30 hours of use on Always on Display (AOD) mode.
Does Galaxy Watch8 Classic support both LTE and Bluetooth? Galaxy Watch8 Classic comes in both LTE and Bluetooth models, giving users flexible options depending on their lifestyle and environment. With the LTE version, you can make calls, send messages, stream music and receive notifications without needing your phone nearby. It's ideal for staying connected while on the go. The Bluetooth model allows you to use the watch independently in known networks, especially when you're at home, work or any place with Wi-Fi. Both options enable a high level of standalone functionality, ensuring you can stay connected your way — whether you're on the move or on a network.
Does Galaxy Watch8 Classic support both LTE and Bluetooth?
Galaxy Watch8 Classic comes in both LTE and Bluetooth models, giving users flexible options depending on their lifestyle and environment. With the LTE version, you can make calls, send messages, stream music and receive notifications without needing your phone nearby. It's ideal for staying connected while on the go. The Bluetooth model allows you to use the watch independently in known networks, especially when you're at home, work or any place with Wi-Fi. Both options enable a high level of standalone functionality, ensuring you can stay connected your way — whether you're on the move or on a network.
Which smartphones are compatible with Galaxy Watch8 Classic? Galaxy Watch8 Classic works with smartphones running Android 12 or higher. 19
Which smartphones are compatible with Galaxy Watch8 Classic?
Galaxy Watch8 Classic works with smartphones running Android 12 or higher. 19
Does Galaxy Watch8 Classic have Dual-band GPS? Yes, Galaxy Watch8 Classic has Dual-band GPS. It uses both L1 and L5 GPS for enhanced accuracy. 21 , 22
Does Galaxy Watch8 Classic have Dual-band GPS?
Yes, Galaxy Watch8 Classic has Dual-band GPS. It uses both L1 and L5 GPS for enhanced accuracy. 21 , 22
How do I charge Galaxy Watch8 Classic? You can charge Galaxy Watch8 Classic using the Wireless Charger it comes with. Just place your watch on the charger for easy, wireless charging.
How do I charge Galaxy Watch8 Classic?
You can charge Galaxy Watch8 Classic using the Wireless Charger it comes with. Just place your watch on the charger for easy, wireless charging.
How-to videos for Galaxy Watch8 Classic
How to use Sleep Coaching
How to use Running Coach
How to use Vascular Load
*Image simulated for illustrative purposes. Actual UX/UI may be different.
*Samsung account login may be required to use certain AI features.
Availability of colors, sizes, models and watch bands may vary by country or carrier. Back to Location
Cross app action feature requires internet connection and Google Account. Service availability may vary by country, language, device model. Works on compatible apps. Features may differ depending on subscription and results may vary. Set up may be required for certain functions or apps. Accuracy of results is not guaranteed. Back to Location
Gemini mobile app available on select devices, languages, and countries. Requires compatible Wear OS watch to be connected to a compatible device. Check responses for accuracy. Internet connection and set up may be required. Results for illustrative purposes and may vary. Google and Gemini are trademarks of Google LLC. Back to Location
Bedtime Guidance is available on Android phone (Android 11 and above) and requires Samsung Health app (v6.30.2 or later). Bedtime Guidance based on 3 days of sleep analysis of user's circadian rhythm and sleep pressure. Intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. The measurements are for your personal reference only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or sleep disorder. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Compared to previous Galaxy Watch series. Back to Location
Based on Samsung's internal test results. 7 different poses were tested on the wrists of a total 100 individuals. Test was conducted with Galaxy Watch7 (Large), Galaxy Watch8 (Large) and Galaxy Watch6 Classic (Large) and Galaxy Watch8 Classic. Back to Location
Sequences shortened and simulated. Results for illustrative purposes only. Back to Location
Energy Score is available on Android phones (Android 11 or above) and requires Samsung Health app (v6.27 or above). Samsung Account login required. Service availability may vary by country, region, language. To check the Energy Score, the health data tracked from Samsung Galaxy Watch or Samsung Galaxy Ring must be synchronized with the Samsung Health app. Needs at least the previous day's activity data and sleep, and heart rate data during sleep. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition. The result is for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Sleep Tracking features are intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or sleep disorder. The measurements are for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Sleep Coaching requires sleep data of at least 7 days (including 1 workday and 1 day off). Back to Location
Available on Samsung Health app v.6.24 or above and must be paired with Samsung Galaxy smartphones with Android OS 11 and above. Samsung account login required. Back to Location
Intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Back to Location
Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or disease. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Sleep Apnea feature requires Galaxy Watch8 Classic with Wear OS 5.0 or later to be paired with a Samsung Galaxy smartphone with Android OS 12.0 or later and latest version of Samsung Health Monitor app. Back to Location
Sleep Apnea feature is currently available in some selected countries only. Sleep Apnea feature requires at least 2 days of sleep data within a span of 10 days (the two days do not necessarily have to be consecutive, but must be recorded within those 10 days). Back to Location
Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition. Sleep apnea detection result is for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Running Coach program is available on Android phones (Android 10 or above) and requires Samsung Health app (v6.30.2 or above). Samsung account login required. Service only available with Galaxy Watch8 Series or later released Galaxy Watch Series. To use Running Coach program, user needs to take a running level test and get a level before starting the coach program. Back to Location
Personalized Heart Rate Zone enabled when selecting outdoor run activity. It is required to run consistently for more than 10 minutes with speed of 4km/h or faster. Back to Location
Compatible smartphones and available features may vary by country/region, carrier or device. Back to Location
Auto detect workouts must be turned on in Settings. Auto detect is not available for all workouts. Back to Location
GPS accuracy may vary depending on network environment and other factors. Back to Location
Internet connection required to increase GPS accuracy or to view outdoor exercise results along with the route map. GPS function can be used on LTE models without paired smartphone. Non-LTE models require Bluetooth connection to paired smartphone. To improve GPS accuracy, go to Settings > Location > Location Accuracy > Improve Location Accuracy. Back to Location
Vascular Load available on Android phones (Android 10 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app (v6.30.2 or above). Samsung account login required. To measure vascular load, it is required to wear Galaxy Watch (Galaxy Watch Ultra, Watch8 and later released Galaxy Watch series) when sleeping for at least 3 days out of recent 14 days. Back to Location
Vascular load monitoring is for fitness and wellness only. If you've been diagnosed with cardiovascular disease or are recovering from surgery, be sure to follow your doctor's treatment plan. This is a Labs feature that you can preview before its official launch. If you don't want to use this experimental feature, you can turn it off in Samsung Health settings. Back to Location
For accurate blood pressure readings, a calibration is required every 4 weeks by BP monitor & arm cuff. Requires a Galaxy smartphone running Android 12.0 or above. Back to Location
Availability of Blood Pressure app may vary by country or region. Due to country restrictions in obtaining approval/registration as a Software as a medical device (SaMD), Blood Pressure app only works on watches and smartphones purchased in the countries where service is currently available (however, service may be restricted when users travel to non-service countries). Check out https://www.samsung.com/in/apps/samsung-health for more information and latest update on service countries. It is not intended for use by people under 22 years old. Back to Location
Users should measure their blood pressure when at rest, as they would do with a traditional cuff, and refrain from measuring when they are working out, smoking or drinking. Blood Pressure app is not intended for any diagnostic purposes regarding hypertension or other heart conditions or users under 22 years old. Users should not interpret or take clinical action based on the device output without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional. Blood Pressure app is not intended to replace traditional methods of diagnosis or treatment. Back to Location
Measured blood pressure history can be reviewed within the Samsung Health Monitor app on a paired smartphone. Back to Location
Availability of ECG and of Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification (IHRN) may vary by country or region. Due to country restrictions in obtaining approval/registration as a Software as a medical device (SaMD), ECG app only works on watches and smartphones purchased in the countries where service is currently available (however, service may be restricted when users travel to non-service countries). Check out https://www.samsung.com/apps/samsung-health-monitor for more information and latest update on service countries. It is not intended for users by people under 22 years old. Users should not interpret or take clinical action based on the device output without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional. Back to Location
Antioxidant Index available on Android phones (Android 10 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app (v6.30.2 or above). Samsung account login required. Back to Location
To measure, place the center of your finger on the sensor at the back of the Watch and hold it for 5 seconds. While Antioxidant Index can be measured using any finger, the thumb is recommended for the most accurate result. Back to Location
Repeated measurement due to uneven skin texture may lead to different results. Back to Location
Antioxidant Index is for fitness and wellness only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition. Please consult a medical professional for advice if you're concerned about your antioxidant level. This is a Labs feature that you can preview before its official launch. If you don't want to use this experimental feature, you can turn it off in Samsung Health settings. Back to Location
Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis or treatment. Intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Back to Location
Samsung Health Medications feature currently only available in the US, India and Korea. Intended to help users manage their medication list and schedule. Information provided is evidence-based content licensed from Elsevier, a global leader in information and analytics. Requires smartphone with Android 8.0 or later and Samsung Health app version 6.26 or later. Availability for the features may vary by device. Back to Location
Reminder feature requires adding medications beforehand to receive timely notifications. Back to Location
Body Composition is only supported in Samsung Galaxy Watch4 series and later released Galaxy Watch models. Body Composition should not be used if you have an implanted pacemaker or other implanted medical devices, or if you are pregnant. Any health-related information accessed through the device and application should not be treated as medical advice. Measurement results may not be accurate if you are under 20 years old. The measurements are for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Advanced Glycation End-products (AGEs) index requires Samsung Account login and Samsung Health app 6.27 or later. Available on devices with Android OS 10 (Q OS) or later. Requires wearing Galaxy Watch to sleep. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition. AGEs index is for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Apps supported on Now bar may vary by software version, device model, region, etc. Back to Location
Additional Watch bands sold separately. Back to Location
Watch band availability may vary depending on country, region or carrier. Back to Location
Galaxy Watch8 Classic must be paired with a smartphone with Android 12.0 or above and minimum 1.5 GB Memory. Back to Location
Advanced settings on the Galaxy Wearable app include Pinch Control and software update. Back to Location
Some features are only available on selected Samsung Galaxy smartphones. Back to Location
Galaxy Wearable app is not supported on iOS. Back to Location
Samsung Health Monitor app is only available on Samsung Galaxy smartphones. Back to Location
Availability and supported features may vary by country, region or carrier. Back to Location
Android and Google Play are trademarks of Google LLC. Back to Location
To be eligible for trade-in, your qualifying device must meet all Trade-In Program eligibility requirements, which include, but are not limited to, that the device powers on, holds a charge, and does not power off unexpectedly; has a functioning display; has no breaks or cracks in the screen (unless a cracked screen offer applies); has no breaks or cracks in the case; has no liquid damage (whether visible or not); has no other defects that go beyond normal wear and tear; is not on a black list; has a verified FCC ID; has been reset to factory settings; has all personal information removed; has all software locks disabled; and is owned by you (leased devices are not eligible). Back to Location
Size (Main Display) 3.4 cm
Body Weight (g) 63.5
Bluetooth Version Bluetooth v5.3
Sensors Accelerometer, Barometer, Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis Sensor, Electrical Heart Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Hall Sensor, Infrared Temperature Sensor, Light Sensor, Optical Heart Rate Sensor
Accelerometer, Barometer, Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis Sensor, Electrical Heart Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Hall Sensor, Infrared Temperature Sensor, Light Sensor, Optical Heart Rate Sensor
CPU Speed 1.6GHz, 1.5GHz
Body Dimension (HxWxD, mm) 46.0 x 46.4 x 10.6
Body Dimension (HxWxD, mm)
SIM size Embedded-SIM
Infra 3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD
3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD
3G UMTS B1(2100), B2(1900), B4(AWS), B5(850), B8(900)
B1(2100), B2(1900), B4(AWS), B5(850), B8(900)
4G FDD LTE B1(2100), B2(1900), B3(1800), B4(AWS), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B12(700), B13(700), B14(700), B18(800), B19(800), B20(800), B25(1900), B26(850), B28(700), B66(AWS-3), B71(600)
B1(2100), B2(1900), B3(1800), B4(AWS), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B12(700), B13(700), B14(700), B18(800), B19(800), B20(800), B25(1900), B26(850), B28(700), B66(AWS-3), B71(600)
4G TDD LTE B34(2010), B38(2600), B39(1900), B40(2300), B41(2500)
B34(2010), B38(2600), B39(1900), B40(2300), B41(2500)
Audio Playing Format MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, AMR, AWB
Audio Playing Format
MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, AMR, AWB
Location Technology GPS, Glonass, Beidou, Galileo
GPS, Glonass, Beidou, Galileo
Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n 2.4GHz+5GHz
802.11a/b/g/n 2.4GHz+5GHz
Bluetooth Profiles A2DP, AVRCP, HFP, HSP
A2DP, AVRCP, HFP, HSP
Wear OS Powered by Samsung
Technology (Main Display) Super AMOLED
Technology (Main Display)
Resolution (Main Display) 438 x 438
Resolution (Main Display)
Colour Depth (Main Display) 16M
Colour Depth (Main Display)
Available Storage (GB) 49.3
Available Storage (GB)
Physical specification
Battery Capacity (mAh, Typical) 445.0
Battery Capacity (mAh, Typical)
Usage Time (Hours, AOD Off) Up to 40
Usage Time (Hours, AOD Off)
Usage Time (Hours, AOD On) Up to 30
Usage Time (Hours, AOD On)
Manufacturer’s Information
Manufactured by Dixon Technologies (India) Ltd., Plot No.6, Sector 90, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, U.P. India - 201305
Dixon Technologies (India) Ltd., Plot No.6, Sector 90, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, U.P. India - 201305
Country of Origin India
Imported by Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001
Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001
Contact us For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)
For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)
Launch date July 9 th , 2025
Galaxy Watch8 Classic (LTE, 4.6 cm) <br>
Product rating : 4.6
Recommended by 92 % of customers.
The smartwatch offers a stylish design with a responsive display and robust health/fitness tracking capabilities, including accurate heart rate monitoring, sleep tracking, and energy score insights.
Users highlight the convenience of the AI-powered features and seamless connectivity with smartphones.
While some report shorter battery life with heavy usage, the majority find the battery life to be generally good, lasting 1-2 days on a single charge.
The overall performance is praised, with no reported lag or slowdown.
Reviews with images & videos
Relevancy sort puts the best reviews at the top. We look at things like helpfulness votes, latest review, pictures and other traits that readers look for in their reviews.
We love to see that we've given you that five-star feeling. Thanks for sharing your excellent feedback! ^EW at Samsung Support
We appreciate the time you’ve taken to let us know your wonderful feedback, and we’re thrilled to know you’re loving your Galaxy Watch8 Classic, Mike! ^CL at Samsung Support
Hello, We appreciate you sharing your experience with us. We’re sorry to hear that you experienced challenges with your product and will share this feedback to our relevant teams. If you would like to provide additional feedback or discuss this ticket further, our email support will be happy to assist by visiting https://www.samsung.com/ca/support/emailsupport and choosing ‘Email General Support’ Thank you, Samsung Customer Care
We’re really sorry to hear about your experience, that does sound frustrating, especially when it’s impacting both your watch and phone. Battery drain like this isn’t expected behaviour, and we’d definitely like to help troubleshoot further or check if the device may be faulty. Please reach out to our support team so we can assist you: https://www.samsung.com/au/support/contact
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback. Thanks for sharing with us and giving us top marks! ^LB at Samsung Support
We’re glad to hear that you’re enjoying the return of the rotating bezel and finding it useful for both protection and everyday interaction. It’s also great to hear that you’re using your watch to support your exercise activities. We appreciate you sharing your experience and hope you continue getting the most out of your watch!
Hello Sunny, We appreciate you taking time out of your day to provide us product feedback. We will pass this to our relevant teams. For additional product feature feedback or troubleshooting support, please connect with our experts via Live Chat at https://www.samsung.com/ca/support/live-chat-support Thank you, Samsung Customer Care.
We love reading that we’ve given you that five-star feeling. Keep enjoying! ^LB at Samsung Support
Thank you for the love and sharing your superb experience with us, your words put a smile on our face. ^LB at Samsung Support
Thank you for the love for the Galaxy Watch 8 Classic, and sharing your superb experience with us! ^CL at Samsung Support
We are disheartened to see you are not enjoying your Watch8 Classic, Paul. Your feedback is greatly appreciated, and we will take this on board to help improve our products and services in the future! In terms of the battery, with the 445 mAh battery, you'll get up to 40 hours of usage time with Always On Display disabled, and here is a great guide to help you get the most out of the battery: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/reduced-battery-life-on-your-samsung-galaxy-watch/ ^LB at Samsung Support
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback, Lindsay. Thanks for sharing with us and giving us top marks! ^EW at Samsung Support
Thanks for the great review and for sharing your feedback with us on your Galaxy Watch8 Classic, Peter! Here is a guide with some tips on how to optimise the battery of your watch: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/reduced-battery-life-on-your-samsung-galaxy-watch Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team is on hand. You can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: Help & Contact Us | Samsung United Kingdom ^KF at Samsung Support
It's absolutely superb to see that you consider your Watch8 Classic to be flawless, Subhani, thanks in part to the return of some beloved features. It's a timeless design that looks premium, but this aesthetic doesn't just end at the outer design. Once you start navigating through the gorgeous new display you'll discover that there are more ways to keep in touch with your world, or track your health, and the integration of Gemin opens up a Galaxy of new opportunities across the board. We're glad that you're finding the Action Button to be useful, as it was included to make everything easier. It's more comfortable than ever, from the base of the watch to the strap, so you can wear it all day and night. We're glad that you're loving it. ^DB at Samsung Support
We appreciate the time you’ve taken to let us know your wonderful feedback, Matt, and we’re thrilled to know you’re loving your Galaxy Watch8 Classic. ^EW at Samsung Support
Thank you for the fantastic review! We're thrilled to hear the Galaxy Watch8 Classic exceeded your expectations and provided such a smooth transition from your previous smartwatch ecosystem. It’s great to know you’re enjoying the style, lightweight design, and seamless pairing experience with your Galaxy Z Fold.
We love reading that we’ve given you that five-star feeling, Adam. Keep enjoying! ^CH at Samsung Support
We’re sorry to hear about the screen damage, especially after an otherwise positive experience. We understand how disappointing that must be. If you need any assistance with repairs or support, please reach out to our team here: https://www.samsung.com/au/support/contact
Thanks for sharing your experience with your Samsung Galaxy Watch. It’s great to hear you’ve enjoyed the strong connectivity, usability, and improved battery life compared to previous models—that’s exactly what we aim for. We’re really sorry to hear about the screen damage from a relatively minor drop. We understand how frustrating that can be, especially for a premium device. Your feedback around glass durability is important and helps highlight where improvements matter most in real-world use. We appreciate you sticking with the repair, and your insights will certainly be valuable for future design considerations.
Thanks for the great rating and sharing your feedback with us! Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team are on hand, you can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^JH at Samsung Support
Thank you for your continued loyalty and for upgrading with Samsung, Tanu. We love having you with us! ^EW at Samsung Support
We are disheartened to see you are not enjoying your Watch8 Classic, Neil. With the 445 mAh battery, you can get up to 40 hours of usage time with Always On Display disabled. We have some useful tips to help you get the best out of the battery: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/reduced-battery-life-on-your-samsung-galaxy-watch/ The iconic cushion design and the return of the rotating bezel will make this look perfect on your wrist. We appreciate your feedback regarding the design, and we will pass this on to help improve our products and services. ^LB at Samsung Support
Excellent to see how much you are enjoying your Watch8 Classic, Ben! The sleek yet robust design is incredible, with the rotating bezel being satisfying to utilise. The Super AMOLED screen is crystal clear, perfectly displaying the smooth operation of apps, tracking, and notifications. With up to 40 hours life from just one charge, you can really count on this device. This watch can really do it all! ^SK at Samsung Support
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback, Pete! Thanks so much for sharing your review with us and giving us top marks! ^EW at Samsung Support
Thanks for the great review and sharing your feedback with us! Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team are on hand, you can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^SK at Samsung Support
Thank you for your great review! We’re delighted to hear you’re enjoying your Galaxy Watch8 Classic and finding it comfortable, durable, and easy to use. The rotating bezel is definitely a favourite feature for many users, so it’s fantastic to hear it’s helping make navigation smooth and convenient for you. Enjoy your new watch experience!
Thanks for the great review and for sharing your feedback with us! Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team is on hand to help, and you can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^EW at Samsung Support
We are delighted to read that you are impressed by the Galaxy Watch8 Classic overall, Marky! From its flawless connectivity and seamless integration within the Galaxy Ecosystem, to its larger and crystal-clear display, timeless rotting bezel and advanced health sensors; this smart and elegant watch is ready to become the perfect smart companion in your life! ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for your continued loyalty and upgrading with Samsung. We love having you with us, Courtney! ^SK at Samsung Support
We are delighted to see that you have given the amazing Galaxy Watch8 Classic five full stars, Fahad. This AI-powered device is packed with the absolute best of our technology and features to help you live a healthier and happier life in the smartest way possible. We would also like to reassure you that the 445 mAh battery of this watch offers up to 30 hours of use on Always on Display (AOD) mode. ^CL at Samsung Support
Thanks for the great review and for sharing your feedback on your new Galaxy Watch8 Classic with us! Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team is on hand to help, and you can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: Help & Contact Us | Samsung United Kingdom ^EW at Samsung Support
Thanks for the great review and sharing your feedback with us! With the 445 mAh battery, you can get up to 40 hours of usage time with Always On Display disabled, and here is a guide to help you get the most out of the battery: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/reduced-battery-life-on-your-samsung-galaxy-watch/ Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team are on hand, you can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^LB at Samsung Support
Thank you for the wonderful review. We're thrilled to hear your Galaxy Watch8 Classic exceeded your expectations with its comfort, lightweight feel and premium design. It’s fantastic to know you’ve been receiving compliments too! We hope you continue enjoying all the features your new watch has to offer.
Thank you for your thoughtful review! We're so pleased to hear the watch is providing the peace of mind you were looking for while also helping you make the most of its health, fitness, and sleep tracking features. We hope it continues to exceed your expectations.
Thank you for your fantastic review. We're delighted to hear that your upgrade from the Galaxy Watch4 has been such a positive experience. It's wonderful to know that the responsiveness, bezel navigation, and easy setup process have impressed you. We appreciate your recommendation and thank you for choosing Samsung.
Thank you for taking the time to share with us this review of the Galaxy Watch8 Classic. We are sorry to read that this device has not met your expectations. We would like to reassure you that this watch is re-engineered to be slimmer, more compact and more comfortable than ever before. The improved Dynamic Lug System also makes switching bands easier and provides a more snug, comfortable fit. This powerful gadget also features a brilliant, crystal-clear display with 3,000 nits brightness, which makes the screen clearly visible even in the bright sunlight. With an enhanced 3 nm processor, you can use different features at the same time, from exercise tracking to health monitoring, with more power and efficiency. If you would like to receive support with getting the most out of this premium device, please don't hesitate to speak to our Support Teams. You can find our full contact details and opening times on our Contact Us page here: https://bit.ly/SamsungUK-Support ^CL at Samsung Support
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback about the Galaxy Watch8 Classic, Ronald! Thanks for sharing with us and giving us top marks! ^CL at Samsung Support
Congratulations on your new Watch8 Classic, what a great decision you made. ^LB at Samsung Support
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback, Paul! Thank you for your continued loyalty and for upgrading with Samsung. We love having you with us! ^EW at Samsung Support
These reviews are managed by Bazaarvoice and comply with the Bazaarvoice Authenticity Policy, which is supported by anti-fraud technology and human analysis. Details at
Link copied to clipboard!
User manual & downloads
How to use the personalised Running coach feature on your Galaxy Watch8 and Watch8 Classic
How to attach the band to your Galaxy Watch8 and Watch8 Classic
What to do when your Samsung Galaxy Watch will not connect
How to back up your Samsung Galaxy Watch before repairing a cracked or broken back cover
Features of the Samsung Find app
Find answers the question you have about the product
Get the most from Samsung device and services.
See how products work and get advice on which models fit your needs.
*Images shown here are for representational purpose only, actual may vary. All features, specifications and prices are subject to change without prior notice. Model availability may vary from location to location.
Installment Plans Disclaimer
HAVE QUESTIONS? LET US HELP.
Get alert when this item is back in stock and available to buy, by adding your email or phone number to opt into alerts.
Please double check your email address.
By providing your email/mobile number you agree to marketing communications & inventory alerts from Samsung on Email, SMS & WhatsApp. By clicking submit you are agreeing to the above Terms and Conditions.
We will notify you when inventory is added. Thank you.