AI Suggested Searches
{{priceAnchor.priceWrapper.info.noLineOrignal}}
{{priceAnchor.priceWrapper.info.ceExchangePrice}}
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 in Titanium Silver with a Marine Band in Olive shown up close, facing front and angled slightly upward, highlighting the overall bold, premium watch design. The word ULTRA appears in large text in the background.
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is here to bring out your best — slimmer yet more powerful than ever . The 800 mAh battery with Fast Charging and Snapdragon ® Wear Elite Platform power you further — all in a rugged luxury design . The world's first up-to-5,000-nit display on a smartwatch outshines the sun-scorched ridgeline. Rated IP69K, 10 ATM and EN13319 certified, it's not just dust and water resistant, it's dive-ready. From the trails of the Dolomites or beneath the Great Barrier Reef to packed city blocks, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is the ultimate Galaxy Watch to push your limits. , , , ,
60 hours of unstoppable power 800 mAh battery delivering up to 60 hours of relentless power — with the first-ever Fast Charging for the Galaxy Watch series. ,
60 hours of unstoppable power
800 mAh battery delivering up to 60 hours of relentless power — with the first-ever Fast Charging for the Galaxy Watch series. ,
From gritty trails to the crushing depths Titanium body, IP69K and EN13319-certified — impact-ready, dust-tight and dive-ready down to 40 meters. ,
From gritty trails to the crushing depths
Titanium body, IP69K and EN13319-certified — impact-ready, dust-tight and dive-ready down to 40 meters. ,
The world’s brightest display on a smartwatch Brilliant brightness — vivid and readable whether you're checking stats in direct sunlight or glancing at your wrist through sunlit water.
The world’s brightest display on a smartwatch
Brilliant brightness — vivid and readable whether you're checking stats in direct sunlight or glancing at your wrist through sunlit water.
The ultimate Galaxy Watch to push your limit Outdoor ready, from trail runs to open water dives to long rides — built to keep you on track and in control.
The ultimate Galaxy Watch to push your limit
Outdoor ready, from trail runs to open water dives to long rides — built to keep you on track and in control.
Rugged luxury Iconic cushion design with sculpted details — rugged enough to perform, refined enough to impress.
Iconic cushion design with sculpted details — rugged enough to perform, refined enough to impress.
Design as bold as it is polished. Rooted in the heritage of our iconic cushion design , Galaxy Watch Ultra2 continues that legacy into something tougher and more refined , built on the principle that a watch should push you forward, not get in your way.
Titanium tough enough for impact, light enough to forget you're wearing it. A slimmer, seamless profile paired with an even bigger battery . More intuitive buttons that are hard to miss. And an Air Pocket Marine Band that keeps your wrist dry whatever the conditions. Bold in build. Polished in every detail.
See the details up close
Colours View More Colours Titanium Silver Titanium Gray Titanium Silver pause Titanium Gray pause
Refined Form View More Refined Form A precisely detailed bezel and sculpted edges seamlessly shaped into a single form — unified in shape, refined without excess. pause
A precisely detailed bezel and sculpted edges seamlessly shaped into a single form — unified in shape, refined without excess.
Intuitive Controls View More Intuitive Controls Three bold, distinctly spaced buttons and a highly visible orange Quick Button make actions quick to trigger — even with your gloves on. pause
Three bold, distinctly spaced buttons and a highly visible orange Quick Button make actions quick to trigger — even with your gloves on.
Sensors View More Sensors The upgraded BioActive sensor tracks your health data more precisely, while an improved fit keeps Galaxy Watch Ultra2 securely in place for accurate readings. pause
The upgraded BioActive sensor tracks your health data more precisely, while an improved fit keeps Galaxy Watch Ultra2 securely in place for accurate readings.
Air Pocket Design View More Air Pocket Design The Air Pocket design on the inner surface of the Marine Band lets sweat dry and water drain naturally — after a hard trail run or an open-water swim. pause
The Air Pocket design on the inner surface of the Marine Band lets sweat dry and water drain naturally — after a hard trail run or an open-water swim.
The strongest Galaxy Watch ever
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 packs an 800 mAh battery , delivering up to 60 hours of relentless power. For those who rarely switch off — at work or out on the trail — days are long and barely slow down. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is made to last as long as you do, through back-to-back meetings and a late evening run, all without adding size. And when you need a recharge, our first-ever Galaxy Watch Fast Charging powers your Watch up to 40 % in around 30 mins. , , , ,
Battery capacity 800 mAh
Fast Charging Up to 40 % in around 30 mins
How long does the battery last?
800 mAh Battery Capacity
Up to 40 % in 30 mins Fast Charging
590 mAh Battery Capacity
Not supported Fast Charging
Powered by Snapdragon ®
The Snapdragon ® Wear Elite Platform unlocks a new benchmark of processing power on a smartwatch. Apps launch faster , responses are instant and each interaction is smoother than ever. Whether you're switching from your pace stats to music mid-race or checking your calendar between calls, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 keeps pace with your every action.
From gritty trails to the crushing depths ,
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is built for durability at every layer.
Its titanium body takes impact head-on, yet sits light on your wrist. IP69K and 10 ATM rated , it withstands heavy downpours, thick dust and the crushing pressure of open water — and now, EN13319 -certified for the first time on a Galaxy Watch, it's dive-ready . Whether you're pushing through a rugged canyon trail or descending into the coral-lined depths of the open ocean, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is ready for all of it. ,
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 in Titanium Silver with an Olive Marine Band, shown front-facing with water splashes and scattered gravel surrounding the watch to demonstrate its rugged durability against elements such as water and dust.
Dust and Water Resistance Rating IP69K
What's changed in the durability?
IP69K Dust and Water Resistance Rating
EN13319 Diving instrument certification
IP68 Dust and Water Resistance Rating
- Diving instrument certification
The world's brightest display on a smartwatch
Your pace, route or heart rate stays clearly visible, even in midday sunlight. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 features a larger 3.85 cm display with up to 5,000 nits of brightness — the brightest ever on a Galaxy Watch — that keeps your data vivid across the bigger screen. Whether you're checking your route on a sun-drenched trail run or your stats as you surface into the sunlight, it all shines through. ,
A side-by-side comparison of two Galaxy Watch models outdoors in direct sunlight. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 and Galaxy Watch Ultra can each be seen against a background divided between sandy terrain and sunlit water. The display of Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is brighter than that of Galaxy Watch Ultra, highlighting the brighter 5,000-nit display of Galaxy Watch Ultra2.
What's changed in the display?
Up to 5,000 nits Brightness
Up to 3,000 nits Brightness
Up to 1,000 nits Brightness
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 takes trail running further.
Unlike road running, trail running is unpredictable by nature — the path turns without warning, the climbs are harder to pace and the further off the grid you go, the more guidance you need. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 keeps you on track and in control — from the first step to the last.
ROUTE Your course, precisely followed Load a GPX route and follow your pre-planned course turn by turn, as GPS tracks your position in real time. Always know where you're headed. , View More
Your course, precisely followed
Load a GPX route and follow your pre-planned course turn by turn, as GPS tracks your position in real time. Always know where you're headed. ,
CLIMB GUIDANCE Every hill, anticipated Check your average gradient and elevation gain ahead of each segment. Manage your pace before the hill slows you down. View More
Every hill, anticipated
Check your average gradient and elevation gain ahead of each segment. Manage your pace before the hill slows you down.
WATER INTAKE ALARM Hydration, right on time Stay hydrated even when the trail has your full attention. Get timely reminders on how much water to drink and when , and keep your pace at its best. View More
Hydration, right on time
Stay hydrated even when the trail has your full attention. Get timely reminders on how much water to drink and when , and keep your pace at its best.
EN13319 certified diving instrument ,
Built to the internationally recognized EN13319 standard for dive instruments , Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is your perfect underwater companion . The brilliant 5,000-nit display cuts through the water for crystal-clear visibility. With the Depth app, essential real-time metrics like current depth, water temperature and elapsed dive time are instantly within sight, supporting your underwater activities down to 40 meters. ,
DEPTH Real-time dive metrics Check your current depth, water temperature and dive time simultaneously. Stay aware of the changing conditions underwater.
Real-time dive metrics
Check your current depth, water temperature and dive time simultaneously. Stay aware of the changing conditions underwater.
Ride smart. Carry less
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 makes cycling smarter, not harder.
When you're pushing the pace, your data needs to keep up. See cadence, power and speed alongside your heart rate, right on your wrist — Galaxy Watch Ultra2 connects directly to your cycling sensors without your phone in between. Just keep your eyes on the road and push for your personal best. , , ,
RACE Learn from your last ride Compete against your past records with real-time pace updates. See where you're ahead and where to pick up the pace to outpace yourself. , View More
Learn from your last ride
Compete against your past records with real-time pace updates. See where you're ahead and where to pick up the pace to outpace yourself. ,
ROUTE Know the road ahead Load a GPX route for turn-by-turn guidance and a heads-up before every hill, letting you shift gears before the incline. To return, Track Back brings you home the way you came. , View More
Load a GPX route for turn-by-turn guidance and a heads-up before every hill, letting you shift gears before the incline. To return, Track Back brings you home the way you came. ,
PERSONALIZED HR ZONE Pace your ride, zone by zone Monitor your Heart Rate Zone in real time to stay in the right intensity throughout your ride. View More
PERSONALIZED HR ZONE
Pace your ride, zone by zone
Monitor your Heart Rate Zone in real time to stay in the right intensity throughout your ride.
Go the extra mile, safely
The further out you go, the more important it is to have a way back. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is equipped with essential safety features , keeping you prepared for the unexpected.
SAFETY SIREN Heard up to 180 meters When you need help but you have no clear sight of others, your voice can only carry so far. Press and hold the Quick Button for five seconds and Galaxy Watch Ultra2 activates an 86-decibel siren, loud enough to carry up to 180 meters . Deep in the woods or caught out after dark, help knows where to find you. , View More
Heard up to 180 meters
When you need help but you have no clear sight of others, your voice can only carry so far. Press and hold the Quick Button for five seconds and Galaxy Watch Ultra2 activates an 86-decibel siren, loud enough to carry up to 180 meters . Deep in the woods or caught out after dark, help knows where to find you. ,
FALL DETECTION Automatic Fall Detection A hard stumble on a steep descent can happen faster than you can react. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 detects the fall, checks in with you immediately and if there's no response, reaches out for help on your behalf until someone is on the way. View More
Automatic Fall Detection
A hard stumble on a steep descent can happen faster than you can react. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 detects the fall, checks in with you immediately and if there's no response, reaches out for help on your behalf until someone is on the way.
EMERGENCY SOS Help, just five presses away When every second matters, you don't want to fumble for your phone. Five presses of the home button reach emergency services directly — immediate access to help, right at your fingertips. View More
Help, just five presses away
When every second matters, you don't want to fumble for your phone. Five presses of the home button reach emergency services directly — immediate access to help, right at your fingertips.
Train better, together on Strava
Share Routes, chase personal bests, and celebrate every milestone. With Strava on Galaxy Watch Ultra2, your workout data uploads automatically so you can focus on your training, not syncing. Train better with Strava on Galaxy Watch Ultra2.
Level up your training with iFIT
iFIT brings world-class, trainer-led workouts to Galaxy Watch Ultra2. From scenic runs along forested trails and smooth cycling on iconic coastal roads to pushing through high-intensity strength sessions, there's something for everyone. Follow one of iFIT's 180+ expert trainers across breathtaking locations worldwide, live or on-demand.
Tomorrow is built tonight
Sleep tracking that turns rest into results.
Monitor your sleep patterns , heart rate and more — and build the sleep habits for a stronger tomorrow.
ENERGY SCORE Push or pause? Energy score tells you Some mornings you're ready to push hard. Others, you're still recovering from last night's client dinner or late gym session. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 analyzes yesterday's activity, sleep patterns and heart signals overnight and delivers a daily Energy Score when your day begins. Check the score breakdown and let Galaxy AI advise you whether today calls for a hard session or a smart recovery. View More
Push or pause? Energy score tells you
Some mornings you're ready to push hard. Others, you're still recovering from last night's client dinner or late gym session. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 analyzes yesterday's activity, sleep patterns and heart signals overnight and delivers a daily Energy Score when your day begins. Check the score breakdown and let Galaxy AI advise you whether today calls for a hard session or a smart recovery.
SLEEP COACHING Practice makes great mornings Better sleep is a habit you can build. Wear Galaxy Watch Ultra2 for a week to uncover your sleep type — one of eight animals — then follow a personalized 3 to 4 week program of simple changes that develop better sleep habits over time. View More
Practice makes great mornings
Better sleep is a habit you can build. Wear Galaxy Watch Ultra2 for a week to uncover your sleep type — one of eight animals — then follow a personalized 3 to 4 week program of simple changes that develop better sleep habits over time.
SLEEP APNEA FDA-approved sleep apnea risk detection Waking up tired even after a full night's sleep is a sign to pay attention to. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 detects signs of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea by monitoring your blood oxygen levels throughout the night. Stop guessing why you're tired and uncover what's happening during your sleep. View More
FDA-approved sleep apnea risk detection
Waking up tired even after a full night's sleep is a sign to pay attention to. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 detects signs of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea by monitoring your blood oxygen levels throughout the night. Stop guessing why you're tired and uncover what's happening during your sleep.
A complete picture of your heart health on your wrist
Your heart drives everything — from your energy and performance to your endurance. Keep a closer eye on your heart signals and get comprehensive insights into your heart health .
BP Track your blood pressure anywhere, anytime Galaxy Watch Ultra2 on your wrist is all it takes to measure your blood pressure — effortless and always within reach . For more accurate readings, calibrate your Galaxy Watch Ultra2 and regularly track both your systolic and diastolic readings through the Samsung Health Monitor app. View More
Track your blood pressure anywhere, anytime
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 on your wrist is all it takes to measure your blood pressure — effortless and always within reach . For more accurate readings, calibrate your Galaxy Watch Ultra2 and regularly track both your systolic and diastolic readings through the Samsung Health Monitor app.
HEART HEALTH Your daily compass for heart health management Good heart health isn't shaped in a single workout. It's the result of how you live day to day. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 gives you a Heart Health Score based on key lifestyle indicators like sleep time, BMI and vigorous activity, showing how your current habits affect your heart. Get personalized guidance to see where you can improve and turn those insights into better habits and better heart health. View More
Your daily compass for heart health management
Good heart health isn't shaped in a single workout. It's the result of how you live day to day. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 gives you a Heart Health Score based on key lifestyle indicators like sleep time, BMI and vigorous activity, showing how your current habits affect your heart. Get personalized guidance to see where you can improve and turn those insights into better habits and better heart health.
VASCULAR LOAD Cardiovascular tracking while you sleep Blood pressure gives you a snapshot, Heart Health Score reflects your daily habits — and Vascular Load tracks the long-term trend of your cardiovascular health . Wear Galaxy Watch Ultra2 overnight and let it track your vascular load trends using PPG sensors, giving you a bigger picture of how your lifestyle choices are adding up over time. When readings start to trend, you'll get practical tips toward a healthier diet or steadier sleep. View More
Cardiovascular tracking while you sleep
Blood pressure gives you a snapshot, Heart Health Score reflects your daily habits — and Vascular Load tracks the long-term trend of your cardiovascular health . Wear Galaxy Watch Ultra2 overnight and let it track your vascular load trends using PPG sensors, giving you a bigger picture of how your lifestyle choices are adding up over time. When readings start to trend, you'll get practical tips toward a healthier diet or steadier sleep.
Just raise your wrist and start talking with Google Gemini . No pauses, no extra steps — just speak naturally and get answers instantly . Check the weather before a morning run, start your workout playlist or set a recovery reminder after a long ride — all from your wrist, without breaking your stride. ,
Personalized watch faces and bands
Every pursuit deserves its own look. Choose from a wide range of watch faces and swap bands in a click — from work to workout. Heading deeper into the trail? Set the Compass app as your watch face and pin waypoints, record your path and track back to any marked point with the journey always in view. ,
Marine Band View More Colors Black Olive Mocha Orange Blue Black Olive Mocha Orange Blue
PeakForm Band View More Colors Black Olive Gray Camel Taupe Black Olive Gray Camel Taupe
Trail Band View More Colors Black Olive Gray Orange Blue Black Olive Gray Orange Blue
Your Watch, your apps
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is powered by WearOS by Google™ (WearOS 7) - giving you access to the Google Play Store and a world of apps made to match the way you live. Beyond the features already built into Galaxy Watch Ultra2, find and install the apps that fit the way you train, recover and explore.
A collection of app icons each for Google Maps, Spotify, Google Messages, Gmail, YouTube Music and Strava, highlighting the availability of various apps on Galaxy Watch Ultra2.
Key takeaways at a glance
800 mAh Battery A full battery icon.
A full battery icon.
Processor Powered by Snapdragon ®
EN13319 Certified diving instrument
IP69K 10 ATM From gritty trails to the crushing depths
Up to 5,000 nits display
Exchange Receive an instant discount when you exchange your old device. Learn more
Samsung Care+ Peace of mind today, lasting value tomorrow. Learn more
The connected power of Galaxy
Around-the-clock insights Pair Galaxy Watch Ultra2 or Galaxy Watch9 with a Galaxy smartphone for insights such as sleep score and personalized sleep coaching. ...See more Learn more
Around-the-clock insights
Pair Galaxy Watch Ultra2 or Galaxy Watch9 with a Galaxy smartphone for insights such as sleep score and personalized sleep coaching.
Compare Galaxy Watch
Latest Galaxy More Galaxy
Safety and Emergency
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Got questions? Here is what you're looking for
What makes Galaxy Watch Ultra2 worth the upgrade? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 offers significant upgrades such as a larger battery, brighter display and rugged durability for those who push further and expect more from their watch. Battery: An 800 mAh battery with fast charging means longer workout sessions and less time on a charger. , Display: The 3.86 cm screen reaches up to 5,000 nits, sharp and vivid enough to read clearly even in direct sunlight environments. Durability: The titanium body delivers premium strength, backed by IP69K and 10 ATM ratings that handle everything from heavy rain to recreational diving in the open water. Outdoor Experience: Dedicated workout tracking for activities such as trail running, cycling and diving gives you the specific data and guidance you need for each activity.
What makes Galaxy Watch Ultra2 worth the upgrade?
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 offers significant upgrades such as a larger battery, brighter display and rugged durability for those who push further and expect more from their watch.
Battery: An 800 mAh battery with fast charging means longer workout sessions and less time on a charger. ,
Display: The 3.86 cm screen reaches up to 5,000 nits, sharp and vivid enough to read clearly even in direct sunlight environments.
Durability: The titanium body delivers premium strength, backed by IP69K and 10 ATM ratings that handle everything from heavy rain to recreational diving in the open water.
Outdoor Experience: Dedicated workout tracking for activities such as trail running, cycling and diving gives you the specific data and guidance you need for each activity.
What connectivity options does Galaxy Watch Ultra2 support? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 supports both LTE and Bluetooth, along with Wi-Fi (2.4 GHz and 5 GHz), dual GPS (L1+L5) and NFC. These options provide reliable pairing with your smartphone, fast data transfer, precise location tracking, contactless payments and independent cellular service. You can stay connected and track activities even when your phone is not nearby. LTE availability depends on your country/region and carrier. , ,
What connectivity options does Galaxy Watch Ultra2 support?
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 supports both LTE and Bluetooth, along with Wi-Fi (2.4 GHz and 5 GHz), dual GPS (L1+L5) and NFC. These options provide reliable pairing with your smartphone, fast data transfer, precise location tracking, contactless payments and independent cellular service. You can stay connected and track activities even when your phone is not nearby. LTE availability depends on your country/region and carrier. , ,
Which colours are available for Galaxy Watch Ultra2? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available in Titanium Silver and Titanium Gray.
Which colours are available for Galaxy Watch Ultra2?
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available in Titanium Silver and Titanium Gray.
What's new about Galaxy Watch Ultra2's visual design? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 integrates the iconic cushion design, screen and bezel into one unified form, so the watch looks and feels like a single solid piece. The seamless design reduces visual fragmentation, giving Galaxy Watch Ultra2 a balanced, premium finish.
What's new about Galaxy Watch Ultra2's visual design?
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 integrates the iconic cushion design, screen and bezel into one unified form, so the watch looks and feels like a single solid piece. The seamless design reduces visual fragmentation, giving Galaxy Watch Ultra2 a balanced, premium finish.
What is the Air Pocket structure and how does it improve comfort? The Air Pocket design is a contoured inner surface on the Marine Band that lets sweat dry and water drain naturally. This reduces friction between the band and your skin, keeping the watch comfortable during long wear whether you're on a trail run, in the water or just going about your day.
What is the Air Pocket structure and how does it improve comfort?
The Air Pocket design is a contoured inner surface on the Marine Band that lets sweat dry and water drain naturally. This reduces friction between the band and your skin, keeping the watch comfortable during long wear whether you're on a trail run, in the water or just going about your day.
What's changed in the buttons? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 features three bold, distinctly spaced buttons, designed to be more intuitive by feel. Enhanced tactile separation and an orange accent of the Quick Button make each button distinct, letting you navigate the watch quickly, even with gloves on.
What's changed in the buttons?
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 features three bold, distinctly spaced buttons, designed to be more intuitive by feel. Enhanced tactile separation and an orange accent of the Quick Button make each button distinct, letting you navigate the watch quickly, even with gloves on.
What is the battery capacity and how fast does it charge? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is equipped with an 800 mAh battery, offering the largest battery on a Galaxy Watch. You get up to 60 hours of usage with AOD on and with the first Fast Charging on a Galaxy Watch, you get 40 % battery in just 30 minutes. Despite the larger battery, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is actually slimmer than Galaxy Watch Ultra, so you get more power with less size. , ,
What is the battery capacity and how fast does it charge?
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is equipped with an 800 mAh battery, offering the largest battery on a Galaxy Watch. You get up to 60 hours of usage with AOD on and with the first Fast Charging on a Galaxy Watch, you get 40 % battery in just 30 minutes. Despite the larger battery, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is actually slimmer than Galaxy Watch Ultra, so you get more power with less size. , ,
How large is the screen of Galaxy Watch Ultra2? Is it bright enough to stay visible outdoors? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 features a 3.86 cm display with 5,000 nits of brightness, the brightest ever on a Galaxy Watch. Your pace, route or heart rate stays clearly visible even in direct sunlight, so you can check your data at a glance whether you're on a trail run or coming up from a dive.
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 features a 3.86 cm display with 5,000 nits of brightness, the brightest ever on a Galaxy Watch. Your pace, route or heart rate stays clearly visible even in direct sunlight, so you can check your data at a glance whether you're on a trail run or coming up from a dive.
Is the titanium body tough enough for scratches and impacts during outdoor activities? Galaxy Watch Ultra2's titanium body is built to take impact head-on while staying light on your wrist, so it moves naturally with you during extended wear. It resists scratches, dents and wear without adding bulk, giving you confidence on rugged terrain.
Galaxy Watch Ultra2's titanium body is built to take impact head-on while staying light on your wrist, so it moves naturally with you during extended wear. It resists scratches, dents and wear without adding bulk, giving you confidence on rugged terrain.
Is Galaxy Watch Ultra2 waterproof and dustproof? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is built to handle the toughest outdoor conditions, supported by multiple durability certifications. IP69K: Resistant to dust and high-pressure, high-temperature water jets. 10 ATM: Handles deep water immersion up to 10 atmospheres. MIL-STD-810H: Certified for resistance to extreme environmental conditions including temperature extremes, shock, vibration and humidity. EN13319: Internationally recognized standard for diving instruments, making Galaxy Watch Ultra2 the first Galaxy Watch to meet this standard.
Is Galaxy Watch Ultra2 waterproof and dustproof?
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is built to handle the toughest outdoor conditions, supported by multiple durability certifications.
IP69K: Resistant to dust and high-pressure, high-temperature water jets.
10 ATM: Handles deep water immersion up to 10 atmospheres.
MIL-STD-810H: Certified for resistance to extreme environmental conditions including temperature extremes, shock, vibration and humidity.
EN13319: Internationally recognized standard for diving instruments, making Galaxy Watch Ultra2 the first Galaxy Watch to meet this standard.
Can I wear the Galaxy Watch Ultra2 while swimming in a pool or in the ocean? Yes. With 10 ATM water resistance and EN13319 certification, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is built for the water. You can wear it confidently while swimming or diving in the pool or open water, down to 40 meters. ,
Can I wear the Galaxy Watch Ultra2 while swimming in a pool or in the ocean?
Yes. With 10 ATM water resistance and EN13319 certification, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is built for the water. You can wear it confidently while swimming or diving in the pool or open water, down to 40 meters. ,
How does the Galaxy Watch Ultra2 provide GPS guidance for trail runs? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 has built-in GPS for real-time position tracking and GPX files support to load and follow pre-planned routes, turn by turn, so you're always on track. GPS runs for up to 20 hours and GPX for up to 16 hours*, giving you plenty of battery life for extended trail runs. , *Based on GPX usage with power saving mode (Standard) enabled during exercise.
How does the Galaxy Watch Ultra2 provide GPS guidance for trail runs?
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 has built-in GPS for real-time position tracking and GPX files support to load and follow pre-planned routes, turn by turn, so you're always on track. GPS runs for up to 20 hours and GPX for up to 16 hours*, giving you plenty of battery life for extended trail runs. ,
*Based on GPX usage with power saving mode (Standard) enabled during exercise.
What features are available for trail runs? Here are some key features that enhance your trail run experience on Galaxy Watch Ultra2 Route: Load a GPX file and follow your pre-planned course turn by turn, with GPS tracking your position in real time. Climb Guidance: Check your average gradient and elevation gain ahead of each segment, so you can manage your pace before the hill slows you down. Water Intake Alarm: Get timely reminders on how much water to drink and when, so you stay hydrated even when the trail has your full attention.
What features are available for trail runs?
Here are some key features that enhance your trail run experience on Galaxy Watch Ultra2
Route: Load a GPX file and follow your pre-planned course turn by turn, with GPS tracking your position in real time.
Climb Guidance: Check your average gradient and elevation gain ahead of each segment, so you can manage your pace before the hill slows you down.
Water Intake Alarm: Get timely reminders on how much water to drink and when, so you stay hydrated even when the trail has your full attention.
What depth does the Galaxy Watch Ultra2 support for dive tracking? What does it track during a dive? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 tracks your current depth, elapsed dive time and water temperature in real time, helping you stay aware of the changing conditions underwater down to 40 meters.
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 tracks your current depth, elapsed dive time and water temperature in real time, helping you stay aware of the changing conditions underwater down to 40 meters.
How does Galaxy Watch Ultra2 track my cycling activity? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 connects directly to your external cycling sensors without your phone in between, so you can see cadence, power and speed alongside your heart rate right on your wrist. Just keep your eyes on the road and push for your personal best.
How does Galaxy Watch Ultra2 track my cycling activity?
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 connects directly to your external cycling sensors without your phone in between, so you can see cadence, power and speed alongside your heart rate right on your wrist. Just keep your eyes on the road and push for your personal best.
How do I activate the SOS siren on the Galaxy Watch Ultra2? To activate the SOS siren, press and hold the Quick Button for 5 seconds. This triggers a powerful siren audible from up to 180 meters away, at up to 86 decibels. Use it to attract attention quickly whenever you need help outdoors or in an emergency. ,
How do I activate the SOS siren on the Galaxy Watch Ultra2?
To activate the SOS siren, press and hold the Quick Button for 5 seconds. This triggers a powerful siren audible from up to 180 meters away, at up to 86 decibels. Use it to attract attention quickly whenever you need help outdoors or in an emergency. ,
What is the Energy Score on the Galaxy Watch Ultra2? Energy Score is a daily readiness rating generated each morning based on your recent activity, sleep patterns and overnight heart signals. Check the score breakdown to see whether today calls for a hard session or a smart recovery, with Galaxy AI guiding your decision.
What is the Energy Score on the Galaxy Watch Ultra2?
Energy Score is a daily readiness rating generated each morning based on your recent activity, sleep patterns and overnight heart signals. Check the score breakdown to see whether today calls for a hard session or a smart recovery, with Galaxy AI guiding your decision.
How does Sleep Coaching help improve my sleep quality? Sleep Coaching is a personalized program that helps you build better sleep habits over time. Wear Galaxy Watch Ultra2 for a week to uncover your sleep type, represented as one of eight animals. Then, follow a 3 to 4 week program of simple, incremental changes designed to improve your sleep quality night after night.
How does Sleep Coaching help improve my sleep quality?
Sleep Coaching is a personalized program that helps you build better sleep habits over time. Wear Galaxy Watch Ultra2 for a week to uncover your sleep type, represented as one of eight animals. Then, follow a 3 to 4 week program of simple, incremental changes designed to improve your sleep quality night after night.
What does the Heart Health Score on the Galaxy Watch Ultra2 represent? Heart Health Score is a metric that reflects how your daily habits affect your heart health. It is based on key lifestyle factors such as sleep time, BMI, vigorous physical activity and vascular load trends during sleep. By analyzing these factors, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 provides personalized daily guidance to help improve your heart health over time.
What does the Heart Health Score on the Galaxy Watch Ultra2 represent?
Heart Health Score is a metric that reflects how your daily habits affect your heart health. It is based on key lifestyle factors such as sleep time, BMI, vigorous physical activity and vascular load trends during sleep. By analyzing these factors, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 provides personalized daily guidance to help improve your heart health over time.
What information does the Daily Cardio Load metric show on my watch? Can I see it during workout? Daily Cardio Load tracks the effort and intensity of your workouts over time, helping you balance training and recovery so you're always performing at the right level. Your watch displays your daily target load range, progress toward that target and your accumulated load to date. This metric is most useful before and after your workouts, not during. It helps you decide how much of your planned workout to complete, or whether to reduce your training volume and prioritize rest.
Daily Cardio Load tracks the effort and intensity of your workouts over time, helping you balance training and recovery so you're always performing at the right level. Your watch displays your daily target load range, progress toward that target and your accumulated load to date. This metric is most useful before and after your workouts, not during. It helps you decide how much of your planned workout to complete, or whether to reduce your training volume and prioritize rest.
How does the Galaxy Watch Ultra2 calculate my Fitness Index? Fitness Index combines data from your daily activity, workout intensity and built-in health sensors to give you a single score that reflects your overall physical ability. Use it to track your progress over time and get suggestions on the right content to help you improve.
How does the Galaxy Watch Ultra2 calculate my Fitness Index?
Fitness Index combines data from your daily activity, workout intensity and built-in health sensors to give you a single score that reflects your overall physical ability. Use it to track your progress over time and get suggestions on the right content to help you improve.
Why is Galaxy Watch Ultra2 good for outdoor activities? Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is built for the outdoor activities. The titanium body is backed by IP69K, 10 ATM, MIL-STD-810H and EN13319 certifications, the 800 mAh battery keeps you going on long adventures, and the 3.86 cm display stays sharp at up to 5,000 nits in direct sunlight. Dedicated features for trail running, cycling and diving give you the data you need for each activity, and safety features are there to keep you protected when you need help. , , , ,
Why is Galaxy Watch Ultra2 good for outdoor activities?
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is built for the outdoor activities. The titanium body is backed by IP69K, 10 ATM, MIL-STD-810H and EN13319 certifications, the 800 mAh battery keeps you going on long adventures, and the 3.86 cm display stays sharp at up to 5,000 nits in direct sunlight. Dedicated features for trail running, cycling and diving give you the data you need for each activity, and safety features are there to keep you protected when you need help. , , , ,
Is Galaxy Watch Ultra2 a good choice for divers? Yes, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is designed with divers in mind. EN13319 certified and 10 ATM rated, it tracks essential dive metrics down to 40 meters in real time. The Depth app gives you a clear view of your dive data — showing current depth, elapsed time underwater and water temperature all on a single screen. ,
Is Galaxy Watch Ultra2 a good choice for divers?
Yes, Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is designed with divers in mind. EN13319 certified and 10 ATM rated, it tracks essential dive metrics down to 40 meters in real time. The Depth app gives you a clear view of your dive data — showing current depth, elapsed time underwater and water temperature all on a single screen. ,
Is Galaxy Watch Ultra2 a good choice for runners? Yes, running tracking is one of Galaxy Watch Ultra2's standout capabilities. Whether you're just starting out or training for a marathon, the Running Coach builds a 3–5 week program around your ability, with guided sessions to help you develop endurance and keep pushing further. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 also lets you load a GPX file to follow a pre-planned course with real-time GPS navigation, check gradient and elevation ahead of every climb with Climb Guidance and stay hydrated with timely Water Intake Alarm reminders. , , ,
Is Galaxy Watch Ultra2 a good choice for runners?
Yes, running tracking is one of Galaxy Watch Ultra2's standout capabilities. Whether you're just starting out or training for a marathon, the Running Coach builds a 3–5 week program around your ability, with guided sessions to help you develop endurance and keep pushing further. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 also lets you load a GPX file to follow a pre-planned course with real-time GPS navigation, check gradient and elevation ahead of every climb with Climb Guidance and stay hydrated with timely Water Intake Alarm reminders. , , ,
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 Our biggest battery. Our fastest charge 800 mAh Battery Capacity Up to 40 % in 30 mins Fast Charging
Our biggest battery. Our fastest charge
Galaxy Watch Ultra Power built for the long haul 590 mAh Battery Capacity Not supported Fast Charging
Power built for the long haul
Galaxy Watch5 Pro Reliable power, day after day 590 mAh Battery Capacity Not supported Fast Charging
Reliable power, day after day
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 From desert trails to ocean depths IP69K Dust and Water Resistance Rating EN13319 Diving instrument certification
From desert trails to ocean depths
Dust and Water Resistance Rating
Diving instrument certification
Galaxy Watch Ultra Tough enough for the extreme IP68 Dust and Water Resistance Rating - Diving instrument certification
Tough enough for the extreme
Galaxy Watch5 Pro Durable for everyday pursuits IP68 Dust and Water Resistance Rating - Diving instrument certification
Durable for everyday pursuits
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 The world's first 5,000-nit display 3.85 cm Size Up to 5,000 nits Brightness
The world's first 5,000-nit display
Galaxy Watch Ultra Strikingly bright in any light 3.73 cm Size Up to 3,000 nits Brightness
Strikingly bright in any light
Galaxy Watch5 Pro Sharp and vivid at a glance 3.46 cm Size Up to 1,000 nits Brightness
Sharp and vivid at a glance
* Image/video simulated for illustrative purposes. Actual UX/UI may vary.
* Contains AI-generated images with post-editing applied.
Battery life is based on results from internal lab tests for typical usage pattern scenarios conducted by Samsung. Actual battery life may vary depending on different usage patterns, device model or the battery manufacturer. Typical value tested under third party laboratory condition. Typical value is the estimated average value considering the deviation in battery capacity among the battery samples tested under IEC 61960 standard. Typical capacity is 800 mAh (35 % increase compared to previous Galaxy Watch Ultra). Actual battery life may vary depending on network environment, usage patterns and other factors. Back to Location
Fast charging speeds are based on internal laboratory tests conducted under the following conditions: room temperature, Airplane Mode enabled, using the dedicated wireless charger (EP-OL715), and a 5V/2A PD Power Adapter (TA). Actual charging speeds may vary depending on individual usage, charging conditions, and other external factors. Back to Location
Snapdragon ® branded products are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. Snapdragon ® is a trademark or registered trademark of Qualcomm Incorporated. Back to Location
Based on market research of globally released smartwatches as of June 2026. The 5,000-nit specification refers to the localized peak brightness achieved under high ambient light, and full-screen brightness may differ. Actual brightness may vary or be limited depending on environmental factors, device temperature, and usage conditions. Back to Location
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 has a water resistance rating of 100 meters according to the ISO22810 standard. The test was conducted in 5 % salt water and 4 ppm chlorine water. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is also water resistant with an IPX8 rating based on the lab test conditions for submersion in up to 1.5 meters of freshwater for up to 30 minutes and an IPX9K rating based on the lab test conditions for water resistance against powerful water jets. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 has obtained EN13319, which is a standard applicable to instruments measuring water depth by the environmental pressure as used by divers and also the dive time in certain condition. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. If it's been exposed to seawater, rinse it in freshwater and dry after use. Refer to the user manual for further information, including care/use instructions. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is dust resistant with an IP6X rating based on the lab test conditions by a third party: 2 kg of talc powder (max. diameter of 0.05 mm) per cubic meter was blown into a test chamber housing the device (air pressure within device kept below surrounding air) for 2 hours. Dust resistance may vary by actual usage conditions. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 has obtained MIL-STD-810H Certification: high/low temperature, altitude, humidity, immersion, salt fog, dust, vibration, drop, etc. MIL-STD-810H is a standardized form of testing designed by the U.S. Military to accurately assess device limitations. Real world usage may vary by specific environmental conditions used in the testing. Extreme conditions not guaranteed. Galaxy Watch Ultra2 withstands temperatures ranging from -20°C to 55°C while being worn on the wrist, based on results from internal lab tests conducted by Samsung. Actual performance may vary depending on the environment where it is used. In very high or low temperatures, charging may be blocked, certain functions may be automatically terminated or unavailable, or the watch may shut down automatically for safety. Additionally, battery performance can be adversely affected at low temperatures. Back to Location
Titanium is partially applied to the front and back cover areas of the metal frame, excluding the display and physical buttons. The remaining parts of the frame are a mix of plastic and other materials. Back to Location
Compared to previous Galaxy Watch Ultra models. Back to Location
To control Depth app using Quick Button, the app must be configured in the Quick Button settings. Back to Location
Availability of colours, sizes, models and watch bands may vary by country or carrier. Back to Location
Compatible with Galaxy Watch Ultra2 and Galaxy Watch Ultra. Back to Location
When in Power saving mode, some features, such as Wi-Fi connection, Wake-up gesture and others, may become unavailable. There may be restrictions on CPU speed, background network usage and location services. Back to Location
In normal battery mode, when Power saving mode or Exercise power saving mode is off, battery life is up to 60 hours with Always On Display enabled and up to 80 hours with Always On Display disabled. Back to Location
GPS accuracy may vary depending on network environment and other factors. Back to Location
Internet connection required to increase GPS accuracy or to view outdoor exercise results along with the route map. GPS function can be used on LTE models without paired smartphone. Non-LTE models require Bluetooth connection to paired smartphone. To improve GPS accuracy, go to Settings > Location > Location accuracy > improve Location Accuracy. Back to Location
Trail run on Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available on Android phones (Android 13 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app (v7.0 or above). Samsung account login required. Service only available with Galaxy Watch Ultra2. Back to Location
Galaxy Watch Ultra2 tracks depth, water temperature and elapsed dive time. NDL (No-Decompression Limit) tracking is not supported out of the box. Full dive computer capabilities may require a separate app download (release date to be announced). Always carry a secondary device and follow safe diving protocols. Back to Location
Cycle accessory connection is available on the Samsung Health app (v7.0 or above) and is exclusively supported on Galaxy Watch Ultra2. This service supports connections for Power Meters, Speed Sensors, and Cadence Sensors during Outdoor Bike, Indoor Bike, and Mountain Biking exercises. Support for other accessories, such as Smart Trainers, is not available. Connection compatibility may vary for certain third-party or minor brand products. Back to Location
To measure personalized FTP (Functional Threshold Power), Galaxy Watch Ultra2 must be connected to a power meter. The FTP is calculated automatically when cycling occurs at a mid to high intensity level for more than 4 minutes with the cycling power meter attached to your bicycle. Using machine learning, the more you ride repeatedly, the more accurate and personalized FTP values will be calculated. The cycling power meter is sold separately. Back to Location
FTP measurement requires Samsung Health app (v7.0 or above). Back to Location
Race is available for outdoor running and outdoor cycling only. For comparative measurements, it is required to run on the same path as the pre-generated path. User can compare by selecting one of the records up to 14 days ago. Back to Location
Comparing records through the Race is only available when starting at the same location as the previous record's start point. It will be converted to the running mode automatically, if the starting points are different. Back to Location
Provided when GPX format route file is imported for hiking and cycling and route is set as target under Samsung Health settings. Back to Location
To use Track Back feature, it must be enabled prior to every hiking or cycling workout session under Samsung Health settings. Back to Location
Personalized Heart Rate Zone enabled when selecting outdoor run activity. It is required to run consistently for more than 10 minutes with speed of 4 km/h or faster. Back to Location
To notify an emergency contact, a network connection is required. GPS accuracy may be affected by obstructions to the satellite signal, such as buildings. Back to Location
The siren emits up to 86-decibel sound and can be heard up to 180 meters away maximum. The loudness and range of the sound may vary depending on the environment. Back to Location
The duration for which the siren can be activated may vary depending on the battery life. Back to Location
Fitness Index on Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available on Android phones (Android 13 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app v7.0 or above. Samsung account login required. To use the feature, BIA and VO2Max each need to be measured at least once, along with 2 days of activity records and step count data. Back to Location
Daily Cardio Load on Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available on Android phones (Android 13 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app v7.0 or above. Samsung account login required. To use the feature, at least 7 days of activity records are required, while 28 days of continuous wear is recommended for optimal accuracy. Please note that values may increase in daily situations where heart rate rises, such as during tension, anxiety or stress. Back to Location
Sleep tracking features are intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or sleep disorder. The measurements are for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Energy Score on Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available on Android phones (Android 13 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app v6.27 or above. Samsung account login required. Service availability may vary by country or region. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition. The result is for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Sleep Coaching on Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available on Android phones (Android 13 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app v6.24 or above. Samsung account login required. Sleep Coaching requires at least 7 days of sleep data, including 1 workday and 1 day off. Intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or disease. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
Heart health tracking features are intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition or sleep disorder. The measurements are for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Back to Location
For accurate blood pressure readings, a calibration is required every 4 weeks by BP monitor & arm cuff. Availability of Blood Pressure monitoring feature may vary by country or region. Due to country restrictions in obtaining approval/registration as a Software as a medical device (SaMD), Blood Pressure monitoring feature only works on watches and smartphones purchased in the countries where service is currently available (however, service may be restricted when users travel to non-service countries). Check out https://www.samsung.com/samsung-health/ for more information and latest update on service countries. It is not intended for use by people under 22 years old. Users should measure their blood pressure when at rest, as they would do with a traditional cuff, and refrain from measuring when they are working out, smoking or drinking. Blood Pressure monitoring feature is not intended for any diagnostic purposes regarding hypertension or other heart conditions. Back to Location
Heart Health on Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available on Android phones (Android 13 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app v7.0 or above. Samsung account login required. To calculate Heart Health Score, data on related lifestyle factors — including sleep duration, BMI, vascular load and moderate to vigorous activity time — must be collected.Heart Health Score is for fitness and wellness only. If you've been diagnosed with cardiovascular disease or are recovering from surgery, be sure to follow your healthcare professional's treatment plan. Back to Location
Vascular load on Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available on Android phones (Android 13 or above) and requires the Samsung Health app (v6.30.2 or above). Samsung account login required. To measure vascular load, it is required to wear Galaxy Watch when sleeping for at least 3 days out of recent 14 days. Vascular load monitoring is for fitness and wellness only. If you’ve been diagnosed with cardiovascular disease or are recovering from surgery, be sure to follow your doctor’s treatment plan. This is a Labs feature that you can preview before its official launch. If you don't want to use this experimental feature, you can turn it off in Samsung Health settings. Back to Location
Only one voice assistant (Bixby or Gemini) can be set to wake using this feature. Gemini mobile app available on select devices, languages, and countries. Requires compatible Wear OS watch to be connected to a compatible device. Check responses for accuracy. Internet connection and set up may be required. Features may differ depending on subscription and account. Google and Gemini are trademarks of Google LLC. Users must manually enable Raise to Talk in the settings on Galaxy Watch Ultra2. Once enabled, the device may increase battery consumption compared to standard operation when the feature is disabled. Actual battery life may vary depending on usage. Back to Location
Trail Band and PeakForm Band are sold separately. Back to Location
Watch band availability may vary depending on country, region or carrier. Back to Location
To be eligible for exchange, your qualifying device must meet all exchange Program eligibility requirements. For detailed information, please refer to https://www.samsung.com/in/offer/exchange/ Back to Location
Terms and conditions apply. Samsung Care+ coverage, service type and promotion details may vary by country/region and a deductible (service fee) may apply. To be eligible for Samsung Care+ promotion benefits, registration may be required. For detailed Samsung Care+ information, please visit https://www.samsung.com/in/offer/samsung-care-plus/mobile/. Care at home & abroad: When in need of Samsung Care+ services during your travel, contact the visiting country/region's local customer services center in advance for Samsung Care+ availability. Back to Location
Galaxy devices each sold separately. Back to Location
Compatible smartphones and available features may vary by country/region, carrier or device. Back to Location
Running coach program on Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available on Android phones (Android 13 or above) and requires Samsung Health app (v6.30 or above). Samsung account login required. Back to Location
Wear OS by Google is a trademark of Google LLC. Back to Location
Sleep apnea is currently available in some selected countries only. Do not use feature if you are pregnant or have previously been diagnosed with sleep apnea. 22 years+ only. Sleep apnea feature requires at least 2 days of sleep data within a span of 10 days (the two days do not necessarily have to be consecutive, but must be recorded within those 10 days). Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition. Sleep apnea risk detection result is for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice. Sleep apnea on Galaxy Watch Ultra2 is available on Android phones (Android 13 or above). Back to Location
Bluetooth Version Bluetooth v6.0
Size (Main Display) 3.85 cm
Processor 2.1 GHz, 1.95 GHz
Sensors Accelerometer, Barometer, Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis Sensor, Electrical Heart Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Light Sensor, Optical Heart Rate Sensor, Temperature Sensor
Accelerometer, Barometer, Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis Sensor, Electrical Heart Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Light Sensor, Optical Heart Rate Sensor, Temperature Sensor
Body Dimension (HxWxD, mm) 47.4 x 47.1 x 10.7
Body Dimension (HxWxD, mm)
Body Weight (g) 61.5
SIM size Embedded-SIM
Infra 3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD
3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD
3G UMTS B1(2100), B2(1900), B4(AWS), B5(850), B8(900)
B1(2100), B2(1900), B4(AWS), B5(850), B8(900)
4G FDD LTE B1(2100), B2(1900), B3(1800), B4(AWS), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B12(700), B13(700), B14(700), B18(800), B19(800), B20(800), B25(1900), B26(850), B28(700), B66(AWS-3), B71(600)
B1(2100), B2(1900), B3(1800), B4(AWS), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B12(700), B13(700), B14(700), B18(800), B19(800), B20(800), B25(1900), B26(850), B28(700), B66(AWS-3), B71(600)
4G TDD LTE B34(2010), B38(2600), B39(1900), B40(2300), B41(2500)
B34(2010), B38(2600), B39(1900), B40(2300), B41(2500)
Audio Playing Format MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, AMR, AWB
Audio Playing Format
MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, AMR, AWB
Location Technology GPS, Glonass, Beidou, Galileo, QZSS
GPS, Glonass, Beidou, Galileo, QZSS
Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n 2.4GHz+5GHz
802.11a/b/g/n 2.4GHz+5GHz
Bluetooth Profiles A2DP, AVRCP, HFP, HSP
A2DP, AVRCP, HFP, HSP
Wear OS Powered by Samsung
Technology (Main Display) Super AMOLED
Technology (Main Display)
Resolution (Main Display) 498 x 498
Resolution (Main Display)
Colour Depth (Main Display) 16M
Colour Depth (Main Display)
CPU Speed 2.1 GHz, 1.95 GHz
Available Storage (GB) 49.3
Available Storage (GB)
Physical specification
Durability 10 ATM, IP69K
Battery Capacity (mAh, Typical) 800
Battery Capacity (mAh, Typical)
Usage Time (Hours, AOD Off) Up to 80
Usage Time (Hours, AOD Off)
Usage Time (Hours, AOD On) Up to 60
Usage Time (Hours, AOD On)
Security Update Period (Valid until) 31 July 2031
Security Update Period (Valid until)
Manufacturer’s Information
Manufactured by Dixon Technologies (India) Ltd., Plot No. 6, Sector 90, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, U.P. INDIA - 201305
Dixon Technologies (India) Ltd., Plot No. 6, Sector 90, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, U.P. INDIA - 201305
Country of Origin India
Imported by Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001, INDIA
Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001, INDIA
Contact us For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)
For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)
Launch date July 22 nd , 2026
Product rating : 4.8
Recommended by 97 % of customers.
Customers praise battery life extending three days with continuous GPS and fitness monitoring
Reviewers highlight the ultra-bright 5,000-nit display as crystal clear even in direct sunlight
Many emphasize the lightweight, ergonomic design feels barely noticeable when worn
Reviewers commend highly accurate health tracking for heart rate, blood pressure, ECG, and sleep
A few mention generic health insights and limited third-party app compatibility as minor concerns
Reviews with images & videos
Relevancy sort puts the best reviews at the top. We look at things like helpfulness votes, latest review, pictures and other traits that readers look for in their reviews.
It's brilliant to hear that your very first experience with a smartwatch has been such a positive one that you don't want to take it off! We're delighted that you're enjoying the responsive experience, crisp display, extensive health and fitness features, and the huge range of watch faces available to personalise your Galaxy Watch Ultra2. Built for both everyday use and more demanding activities, this incredible gadget combines a durable titanium design, bright Super AMOLED display and powerful performance to make it a versatile companion throughout the day. It's also great to hear that the battery life has exceeded your expectations and is comfortably lasting around three days with your usage. It's fantastic to hear that you would seriously recommend the Galaxy Watch Ultra2, and we hope you continue enjoying all the features and possibilities it has to offer! ^CL at Samsung Support
We love hearing that we’ve given you that five-star feeling. Thanks for sharing your excellent review of the Watch Ultra2! ^EW at Samsung Support
Congratulations on your upgrade to the stunning Watch Ultra2, Mozza. We're glad you're enjoying the ultra-bright Super AMOLED display that reaches a massive peak brightness of 5,000 nits, making it our brightest smartwatch screen ever! The activity tracking is flawless, and durability is elite thanks to military-grade materials throughout, engineered specifically for extreme sports, mountain climbing, and sea diving. The 800 mAh battery is definitely better - it's our biggest yet, and thanks to the highly efficient Snapdragon Wear Elite processor and advanced silicon-carbon technology, it delivers substantial longevity, which will absolutely improve with pattern learning. To finish it all off, the comfort factor is exceptional, so much so that you can forget you're even wearing it - ideal for sleep tracking. Thanks so much for taking the time to share your review, and keep enjoying this powerhouse of a smartwatch! ^EW at Samsung Support
Lisburn Northern Ireland
We appreciate you taking the time to share this five-star review about your great experience using the Galaxy Watch Ultra2! It's wonderful to hear that, having enjoyed Samsung smartwatches since the Galaxy Watch3 Classic, you've found the Galaxy Watch Ultra2 to be a real step up. It's great that the 800 mAh battery life has exceeded your expectations, giving you more than three days of use, depending on your settings and usage. This premium watch is built with a lightweight yet robust Grade 4 titanium frame and a durable cushion design, while its 10 ATM and IP68 ratings provide additional protection for everyday adventures. We're also delighted that you've found the compact design surprisingly comfortable and easy to wear. It's also great that the tracking has been working well for your dog walks. The advanced BioActive Sensor supports a range of health and fitness measurements, while the built-in GPS helps provide accurate distance and route tracking. We're pleased that the display has impressed you too, with a Super AMOLED display reaching up to 3,000 nits to remain clear and easy to read even in bright outdoor conditions. Thank you for continuing to choose Samsung over the years and for your continued loyalty! ^CL at Samsung Support
Congratulations to you on your upgrade to the superb Galaxy Watch Ultra2, Paul. It's brilliant to hear that you like the slim and lightweight design, which delivers supremely comfortable wear, along with the long-lasting battery life courtesy of both the significant capacity increase and the Snapdragon Wear Elite platform. We're excited for you to try out all of the health and wellness features - they will only add to your overall fantastic experience, as this is our most accurate to date, delivering a new brand benchmark in tracking precision and data-logging depth. Thanks for sharing your review, and enjoy! ^EW at Samsung Support
Congratulations on your upgrade to the gorgeous Watch Ultra2, and thank you for sharing your feedback with us! ^EW at Samsung Support
We’re pleased to see how much you’re enjoying your new Galaxy Watch Ultra2! While we’re delighted that you’re very happy with the device overall, we also appreciate you sharing your thoughts on areas that could be improved, particularly around the design and the possibility of featuring a rotating bezel. Your valuable feedback will be shared with our teams to help us continue improving our future products and technology. In the meantime, we hope you continue enjoying your amazing watch. ^CL at Samsung Support
Kingston upon Thames
We love hearing that we’ve given you that five-star feeling, Scott. Thanks for sharing your brilliant review! ^EW at Samsung Support
Congratulations on your Galaxy Watch Ultra2, Safeer! It's wonderful to hear that it has exceeded your expectations and that you're enjoying the premium build quality, vibrant display and reliable battery life. We're also pleased that the fitness tracking has been working well for you and that the seamless connection with your phone makes staying on top of notifications so convenient. This fantastic product has already become such a useful companion for both everyday wear and workouts. Thank you for your recommendation! ^CL at Samsung Support
Birmingham, West Midlands
We’re thrilled to see that you are loving everything the new Watch Ultra2 has to offer, Paul! We have worked hard to take your health tracking to a whole new level, and with Galaxy AI, the possibilities are endless! Your health will be thanking you for years to come! ^LB at Samsung Support
We love hearing that we’ve given you that five-star feeling, Dan! Thanks for sharing your brilliant review! ^LB at Samsung Support
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback, CJ. Thanks for sharing with us and giving us top marks! ^LB at Samsung Support
Thank you for sharing your experience! We’re delighted to hear that you’re enjoying the battery life, impressive display and overall upgrade. It’s fantastic to know that the experience feels both exciting and practical. We hope you continue making the most of your watch!
It's fantastic to hear that you're enjoying the Super AMOLED display of your Watch Ultra2, which boasts a massive 5,000 nits of peak brightness. Wearability is super comfortable, and with a military-grade durability factor, you can enjoy all of your activities with complete peace of mind. The high tracking accuracy and long-lasting battery mean it’s definitely built to go the distance! Thanks for sharing your excellent feedback, Gisan, and keep enjoying! ^EW at Samsung Support
Thank you for your wonderful feedback! We’re thrilled to hear that this has been your favourite Galaxy Watch so far. It’s great to know you’re enjoying the battery life and fast performance, and that you haven’t encountered any issues. We hope you continue enjoying it!
We love hearing that we’ve given you that five-star feeling, Morokei. Thanks for sharing your excellent review! ^EW at Samsung Support
We're over the moon to read that you love your upgrade! Thank you for sharing your wonderful feedback! ^SK at Samsung Support
Birmingham West midlands
We love hearing that we’ve given you that five-star feeling, Kirandeep. Thanks for sharing your excellent review! ^EW at Samsung Support
We're sorry to see that you aren't impressed with your upgrade to the Galaxy Watch Ultra2, Jimmy. As you have mentioned, this watch boasts an upgraded battery, processor, and RAM. With an IP69K dust and water resistance rating, this is our most durable watch yet, and it remains super stylish with epic performance. The previous model was excellent, and we believe that we've managed to take it to the next level with upgrades throughout the software and hardware. Though some sensors and features are present on both models, both offer a unique experience and thorough tracking. With further usage, we're sure that this watch will wow you. ^SK at Samsung Support
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback, Ali. Thanks for sharing and giving top marks! ^EW at Samsung Support
We love hearing that we’ve given you that five-star feeling, Steve. Thanks for sharing your excellent review of the stunning Watch Ultra2! ^EW at Samsung Support
Congratulations on your upgrade to the stunning and powerful Galaxy Watch Ultra2, Cesm. The 800mAh silicon-carbon battery is long-lasting and reliable, and the Snapdragon Wear Elite processor with a cutting-edge 3nm architecture delivers next-level performance. The display provides peak brightness of a whopping 5,000 nits, keeping things visible in even the brightest of sunlight. We appreciate your feedback regarding the bezel. Thanks for sharing! ^EW at Samsung Support
We're sorry to see that though the design is stunning and performance impressive, the Watch Ultra2 isn't completely right for you. As the sensors used in the watch rely on light, they aren't compatible with tattoos, we're afraid. Though it's great that you have been able to successfully use previous models, this is the case for all of our watches, and is a limitation of the current technology, unfortunately. We will continue to work hard to ensure that all of our users can fully benefit from our watches in the future. ^SK at Samsung Support
Coventry, West Midlands
Thank you for sharing such a glowing review of your new Watch Ultra2! We work hard to put our watches at the very forefront of technology, so that our users get to experience the very best advancements we make as we explore the true potential of the Galaxy. ^LB at Samsung Support
Thanks for the big five stars, Hols. We're glad you're loving the gorgeous Galaxy Watch Ultra2 - the diving capability is an absolute game changer! ^EW at Samsung Support
It’s truly heart-warming to read about how long you have been enjoying our devices for, and that your new Watch Ultra2 has cemented your loyalty to us. Thank you for sharing such a delightful review, Mia! ^LB at Samsung Support
Excellent to see that the stylish Watch Ultra2 has impressed you, Nand! The design is both functional and fashionable, making the watch super robust while still complementing your style. Being EN13319-certified, it's dive ready, and the perfect companion for any adventurer. Keep enjoying! ^SK at Samsung Support
We are sorry to read that you are facing issues with the notifications on your Watch Ultra2! Take a look at this guide to help you get these notifications working in no time: https://www.samsung.com/latin_en/support/mobile-devices/samsung-galaxy-watch-does-not-vibrate/ If you are still having issues, please reach out to our Support Teams who will be on hand to help. You can find their contact details and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^LB at Samsung Support
Samsung Customer Care
Thank you for reaching out and sharing your experience. I can completely understand your disappointment; the Galaxy Watch Ultra 2 is a beautiful device, and it is incredibly frustrating to purchase it only to find out that it is incompatible with your Note 10 Plus, especially when your phone is still running exceptionally well for all your daily needs. Because of the advanced hardware and software features packed into the Galaxy Watch Ultra 2—including our latest Wear OS platform—the watch requires a device running Android 11.0 or higher with at least 1.5 GB of RAM, alongside active Google Mobile Services. Since the Note 10 Plus is limited to Android 12, it should technically meet these base operating system requirements. However, because the Watch Ultra 2 relies on the latest version of the Galaxy Wearable app, compatibility issues can sometimes occur during the initial setup on legacy devices. Before concluding that an upgrade is required, we highly recommend trying these troubleshooting steps on your Note 10 Plus: Update Your Software: Go to Settings > Software update to ensure your phone has the latest security and system patches installed. Update Google Play Services: Open the Google Play Store, search for 'Google Play Services,' and ensure it is fully updated. Reinstall the Wearable App: Uninstall the Galaxy Wearable app, restart your phone, and then download the latest version directly from the Google Play Store or Galaxy Store. We want to help you get this resolved. Please connect with our team directly via our 24/7 Live Chat or Email Support so our technical experts can guide you through the setup process or evaluate your device's compatibility further
Thanks for the great rating and sharing your feedback with us! Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team are on hand, you can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^SK at Samsung Support
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback, Joe. Thanks for sharing and giving top marks! ^EW at Samsung Support
Thank you for your honest feedback, and we sincerely apologize for the frustration this has caused. We completely understand why it is upsetting to experience delivery delays. For order tracking please visit: https://shop.samsung.com/ca/track-order/ We value your loyalty and invite you to connect with us directly at www.samsung.com/ca/support/live-chat-support and provide your order information so we can assist you further.
Thank you for sharing such a glowing review of your Watch Ultra2, Haider! We work hard to put our watches at the very forefront of technology, so that our users get to experience the very best advancements we make as we explore the true potential of the Galaxy. ^LB at Samsung Support
Thank you for your feedback. We are sorry to hear that the battery life hasn't met your expectations compared to your previous device. The Galaxy Watch is designed with a bright display and advanced continuous health monitoring features, which naturally draw more power. You can optimize battery usage by adjusting settings like screen brightness or turning off features when not in use. If you need assistance finding the best settings for your daily routine, please feel free to chat with us at www.samsung.com/ca/support/live-chat-support.
Thank you for sharing such a glowing review of your Watch Ultra2! We work hard to put our watches at the very forefront of technology, so that our users get to experience the very best advancements we make as we explore the true potential of the Galaxy. ^LB at Samsung Support
We’re thrilled to read your thoughts and feedback. Thanks for sharing with us and giving us top marks! ^LB at Samsung Support
Ficamos muito felizes em saber que o seu Galaxy Watch Ultra2 está ajudando a tornar sua rotina de treinos e atividades diárias ainda mais prática! É ótimo saber que você está aproveitando a liberdade de realizar suas atividades sem precisar estar sempre com o celular por perto. Muito obrigado por compartilhar sua experiência conosco!
Congratulations on your new Watch Ultra2 - what a great birthday gift! Thank you for sharing your review, and for the big five stars. ^EW at Samsung Support
We appreciate the time you’ve taken to let us know your wonderful feedback, and we’re thrilled to know you’re loving your new Watch Ultra2! ^LB at Samsung Support
Fantastic to see that you had a positive experience with the incredible Galaxy Watch Ultra2! Thank you for your rating! ^LB at Samsung Support
Thank you for your awesome five-star review of your new Watch Ultra2! We work hard to give our customers the best of the best, and we are thrilled we have achieved this here! ^LB at Samsung Support
Fantastic to see that you had a positive experience with this incredible Watch Ultra2, Andrea! Thank you for your rating! ^LB at Samsung Support
You’re making us blush! Thank you for sharing such a lovely review, we’re honoured to have you with us. Your loyalty to us means the world to us, and we'll continue to bring the wow factor that you know and love, Pete! ^LB at Samsung Support
Thank you for taking the time to share this comprehensive review with us about your positive experience with the new Galaxy Watch Ultra2, Sonny! We're delighted to hear that you're enjoying the improvements over your previous Galaxy Watch models. It's great to know that the enhanced battery life, slimmer design and larger 47mm display are making a noticeable difference to your day-to-day use. The Galaxy Watch Ultra2 offers a great balance of durability, comfort and performance, allowing you to enjoy it comfortably on your wrist while still providing the rugged qualities you've come to enjoy from previous models. We're also pleased that you're enjoying the new design, One UI 9 experience and the wide range of health, fitness and app features available. It's especially great to hear that the advanced health and fitness tracking is proving comparable to your gym equipment, helping you stay informed and motivated throughout your workouts. Your feedback about the review linked to your purchase is also appreciated. We hope your amazing device continues to help you reach new heights every day! ^CL at Samsung Support
We're pleased to see that you've been so impressed by the Galaxy Watch Ultra2, Ian! This device integrates its iconic cushion design, screen and bezel into one unified form, giving the watch a sleek, solid appearance. It also features a bright 1.52-inch display with up to 5,000 nits of brightness, making it easy to see your pace, route or heart rate even in direct sunlight, whether you're on a trail run or coming up from a dive. This premium watch is the perfect fitness companion for life! ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for sharing your thoughts on the new Galaxy Watch Ultra2. It’s fantastic to read about all the incredible features you have enjoyed, and we are also grateful for your constructive feedback. We will take it onboard and continue to innovate and improve on our brilliant devices! ^SK at Samsung Support
We’re over the moon to hear that you’re enjoying all the fantastic features of the new Watch Ultra2, Nige! Thanks for sharing! ^LB at Samsung Support
These reviews are managed by Bazaarvoice and comply with the Bazaarvoice Authenticity Policy, which is supported by anti-fraud technology and human analysis. Details at
Link copied to clipboard!
User manual & downloads
Why real-time information for certain features is not visible on the Galaxy Watch face
Features of the Samsung Find app
Use the Samsung Find app to share your location with your friends, child, family, and other contacts
Use the Samsung Find app to locate a lost device
View your step count in Samsung Health
Find answers the question you have about the product
Get the most from Samsung device and services.
See how products work and get advice on which models fit your needs.
*Images shown here are for representational purpose only, actual may vary. All features, specifications and prices are subject to change without prior notice. Model availability may vary from location to location.
Installment Plans Disclaimer
HAVE QUESTIONS? LET US HELP.
Get alert when this item is back in stock and available to buy, by adding your email or phone number to opt into alerts.
Please double check your email address.
By providing your email/mobile number you agree to marketing communications & inventory alerts from Samsung on Email, SMS & WhatsApp. By clicking submit you are agreeing to the above Terms and Conditions.
We will notify you when inventory is added. Thank you.