Best Samsung Galaxy Earbuds in 2026
Best Samsung Galaxy Phones in 2026
Best Samsung Watch in 2026
Best Samsung Galaxy Tablets in 2026
Best cheap Android phones 2026 by Samsung
Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 review
Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra 2 review
Samsung Galaxy A57 review
Samsung Galaxy S26 review
Samsung Galaxy Buds 4 Pro review
Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra review
Samsung Galaxy Z TriFold review
Samsung Galaxy XR review
Samsung Galaxy Watch 8 review
Best Samsung OLED TV in 2026
Best Samsung QLED TV in 2026
Best Samsung Frame TV in 2026
Samsung S95H QD-OLED TV (2026)
Samsung S95F QD OLED TV (2025)
Samsung S90H QD-OLED TV (2026)
The Frame Pro LS03FW TV (2025)
Samsung QN900F Neo QLED TV (2025)
Samsung QN990F Neo QLED TV (2025)
What is a QD-OLED TV?
What is a MicroLED TV?
QLED vs QD-OLED vs Micro LED
Top 5 features in One UI 8.5
Galaxy AI vs. Awesome Intelligence
Samsung R95H Micro RGB TV
Galaxy Z Fold 8 Wide
Samsung S95H OLED-TV
Samsung The Frame TV (2026)
Content summarization & writing assistance
Language translation
Photo and video search
Best Samsung vacuum cleaners in 2025
Bespoke AI Jet Ultra
Bespoke Jet Bot Combo
Bespoke Jet Bot vacuum with and without AI, what's the difference?
Be aware: Samsung's AI Jet Ultra vacuum is not the same everywhere
Samsung vacuum power explained: Know this before you buy
Last updated: August 3rd, 2026 at 12:51 UTC+02:00
SamMobile has affiliate and sponsored partnerships, we may earn a commission .
Samsung Galaxy Ring 2: Everything you need to know
Get details about the upcoming smart ring's design, features, specifications, battery life, price, and availability.
Reading time: 3 minutes
Abhijeet Mishra / SamMobile
Galaxy Ring hands on 2
Samsung’s second Galaxy Ring is expected to keep a similar titanium design, possibly thinner, with dust and water resistance and the same comfort-focused form factor.
It may improve fitness and health tracking accuracy while continuing to monitor sleep, heart rate, HRV, workouts, calories, and steps, plus add NFC payments via Samsung Wallet.
Leak-based details point to Bluetooth 6.0, NFC, about a week of battery life, and a possible 2027 launch at around $400 in three color options.
The Galaxy Ring 2 will be Samsung's second-generation smart ring that can track some aspects of your fitness and health. It succeeds the original Galaxy Ring that was launched in 2024. It could bring improvements in terms of fitness tracking accuracy and introduce NFC-based payments to make everyday life easier.
Let us check out what the Galaxy Ring 2's features, specifications, pricing, and release time frame could be.
The Galaxy Ring 2 will likely feature a design that is very similar to the original Galaxy Ring. Due to its form factor and size, there is not a lot that Samsung can change, especially since comfort is of utmost importance when it comes to a smart ring's design. The company could make the Galaxy Ring 2 thinner .
Galaxy Ring hands on 33
It could have the same Grade 5 Titanium exterior with a concave design to protect the paint from getting scratched with daily use. The inner part of the ring, which houses the sensors and the charging contact, could be covered with a protective epoxy resin layer. It could have an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance (up to 100 meters according to the ISO22810 standard).
Software and features
The Galaxy Ring 2 could offer the same features as the Galaxy Ring, including the ability to a track your calories burned, heart rate, Heart Rate Variability (HRV), sleep (duration, stages, and quality), steps, and workout. It may be able to automatically detect select workouts. The improvement could be improved accuracy compared to the original Galaxy Ring.
It could offer you an Energy Score based on several metrics, including previous night's activity level, sleep, sleeping heart rate, and sleeping heart rate variability. It may also take into account your average sleep time, sleep time consistency, and sleep latency and stages on a seven-day rolling period.
Hardware specifications
It will have an accelerator, gyro sensor, an optical heart rate monitor, and a skin temperature sensor. Similar to the first Galaxy Ring, the Galaxy Ring 2 coud have 8MB of internal storage space for storing your health and fitness data and for the Zephyr RTOS.
It will likely feature Bluetooth 6.0 and NFC connectivity. Bluetooth is for connecting to a smartphone ( Android or iPhone ), while NFC could be used for mobile payments via the Samsung Wallet service.
Battery life and charging
Galaxy Ring hands on 32
The Galaxy Ring could offer week-long battery life on a single charge, with its charging case offering 1.5 to 2 additional top-ups. So the total battery life could extent to 2.5 to 3 weeks when used with the case. The charging case has a USB Type-C charging port.
However, battery life also depends on the size, with the smallest sizes offering up to 6 days of battery life, and the larger sizes offering up to seven days on usage on a single charge. A full charge could take up to 90 minutes.
Pricing and availability
Samsung could launch the Galaxy Ring sometime in 2027 with possibly the same $400 price tag as the original Galaxy Ring. It could be available in three colors: Titanium Black, Titanium Gold, and Titanium Silver.
Asif Iqbal Shaik - Senior Editor
First Samsung device: T100
Asif is a computer engineer turned technology journalist. He has been using Samsung phones since 2004, and his current smartphone is the Galaxy S23 Ultra. He loves headphones, mechanical keyboards, and PC hardware. When not writing about technology, he likes watching crime and science fiction movies and TV shows.