AI Suggested Searches
Galaxy Book6, 40.62 cm, Ultra 7, 16 GB, Copilot+ PC
{{priceAnchor.priceWrapper.info.noLineOrignal}}
{{priceAnchor.priceWrapper.info.ceExchangePrice}}
Engineered for perfection
Galaxy Book6 is engineered for balance, delivering smooth performance with clear visuals and practical Galaxy AI features — translate on the spot or search naturally to get things done more efficiently. Powered by the latest Intel® Core™ Ultra processor (Series 3), it handles multitasking with ease, while its long-lasting battery supports your day without frequent recharging.Meet the computer you can talk to. 1
Our all-new PC starts here
Reliable performance
New symmetrical design
Galaxy AI. Do more on PC
Perfect symmetry. Balanced by design
Galaxy Book6 features a brand-new symmetrical design with a centralized layout — from the centered brand logo placement on the cover to the keyboard and touchpad alignment. It also comes with a refined keyboard, accentuating the new design identity. 2
Slim form, redefined
Designed for on-the-go productivity, Galaxy Book6 is encased in a thin and light portable frame with a sleek finish in Gray or Silver, making an impact anywhere you go. The slim silhouette even houses a built-in LAN port — supporting dependable connectivity for daily tasks, work and learning.
Engineered for reliable performance
Powered by Intel® Core™ Ultra processor (Series 3), Galaxy Book6 handles tasks with confidence. With reliable CPU performance, 41 % improved graphics and a powerful 49 TOPS NPU, it helps everyday tasks run faster, while supporting multitasking and AI-enabled functions. 3
Power that lasts through the day
Galaxy Book6 is built to keep up with your day, offering long-lasting power for work and learning. The 40.62 cm model supports up to 24 hours of video playback, helping you stay productive and entertained without frequent recharging. And when it's time to power up, Super fast charging gives you a quick boost — charging up to 33 % in just 30 minutes so you can keep focusing on what matters. 4
Galaxy Book6 features an IPS WUXGA display with a new 16:10 ratio, offering more vertical space compared to the previous model for balanced content viewing. See more and see clearly when you work, study or enjoy entertainment with 350 nits of brightness on the comfortable screen. 5
Touch control, right on the display
The touch-enabled screen on Galaxy Book6 lets you open apps, drag and drop images or edit content instantly with your fingertips. It's an efficient way to get things done with instant feedback on every tap. 6
Ports you need, built right in
Designed to keep things simple, Galaxy Book6 includes a full range of essential ports for everyday connectivity. Plug in external devices via HDMI, two USB-C ports, two USB-A ports, a MicroSD slot, a headphone/mic jack, a security slot and even an RJ45 LAN port — so you can stay connected without the need for extra adapters. 7
AI Cut out. Clean visuals, made simple
With AI select, easily select any on-screen image or object in simple steps. Then use AI Cut out to remove unwanted background instantly and get clean, ready-to-use visuals you can copy and paste straight into your slides, product listings or creative layouts. 8
Translate. Make sense of any text
Translate selected phrases or paragraphs on the spot. Whether it's a note, message or webpage, just highlight the text and let Galaxy AI-powered Translate turn it into your system language. Stay in sync across global content and conversations. 9
Send email. Start writing right away
Select an email address and send an email directly from your default mail app. Start composing without copying and pasting the email address.
Open website. Go straight to the page
Spotted a link while researching? Simply highlight it to open the website instantly in your default browser, letting you access information faster without breaking your flow.
Search naturally. Just describe it
Can’t remember a file name? Just describe what you need. Galaxy AI understands your natural language input and helps you find the right file, image or setting. Whether you're describing a photo, recalling a document or adjusting settings, Galaxy AI gets you there in seconds. It’s effortless AI searching that feels as intuitive as talking. 10
Storage Share. Access your files across devices
Keep your files at hand across devices with Storage Share. Access and transfer documents, photos, and videos instantly on your Galaxy Book and other Galaxy devices — all without cables or cloud uploads. 11
The seamless integration within Galaxy devices
Nearby devices. Discover more around you
Nearby devices lets you connect and manage your Galaxy devices in an instant. Discover compatible devices around you, then drag and drop to pair and access shared features and seamless connected experiences. 12
Multi Control. Control multiple screens like one
Control your Galaxy devices as one. With Multi Control, use your Galaxy Book's keyboard and mouse to move your cursor, type, and copy and paste files between your smartphone, Galaxy Tab, Samsung TV or Smart monitor. 13
Second Screen. Extend your workspace
Add a second screen to increase your productivity. The Second Screen app lets you extend your PC screen using wired or wireless connections, giving you extra workspace for easier multitasking. 14
Quick Share. Fast, easy sharing
Share photos, videos, documents and other files fast and easy from your Galaxy Book6 to other devices with Quick Share. It works with a range of devices — not only with Galaxy and other Android devices but also with PCs from other manufacturers. 15
Frequently Asked Questions
How is Galaxy Book6 different from Galaxy Book6 Pro?
Both Galaxy Book6 and Galaxy Book6 Pro use the latest Intel® Core™ Ultra processor (Series 3) and support Galaxy AI and Copilot+PC, delivering strong performance for professional work.Galaxy Book6 offers reliable performance for daily productivity. It is an ideal choice for users who need stable power in their everyday life, whether they're editing documents, surfing the web or enjoying their favorite content.Galaxy Book6 Pro offers strong all-around performance and smart features in a light and portable design, making it a great choice for professionals who multitask on the go.
What has improved in Galaxy Book6 compared to Galaxy Book5?
Galaxy Book6 delivers upgrades across major areas compared to Galaxy Book5 — from design and performance to AI features. It introduces a more premium, symmetrical design with a sleek, modern finish. Powered by the latest Intel® Core™ Ultra processor (Series 3), it delivers 41 % improved graphics. The NPU now reaches 49 TOPS for faster AI tasks.
Who is Galaxy Book6 recommended for?
Galaxy Book6 is ideal for users who are practical and value-driven. With its larger screen, Galaxy Book6 elevates daily productivity for work and everyday tasks such as browsing or easy searching. Galaxy Book6 offers simplicity and reliability and it is a perfect choice for casual users in their daily life. 16
What processor does Galaxy Book6 use?
Galaxy Book6 runs on the latest Intel® Core™ Ultra processor (Series 3). It delivers faster CPU performance built for speed and power efficiency in the AI era. Enhanced with Intel® Graphics and an NPU capable of up to 49 TOPS, Galaxy Book6 handles everyday multitasking with ease. 17
What memory and storage options does Galaxy Book6 offer? Can I upgrade them?
Galaxy Book6 supports configurations with up to 32 GB of memory. The memory itself cannot be upgraded after purchase. For storage, you can choose up to 1 TB, and the laptop also includes an expansion slot in case you need extra space. This gives you plenty of room to handle large projects, media files and professional workloads with confidence. 18
What AI features are included in Galaxy Book6?
Galaxy Book6 includes a wide range of Galaxy AI features that streamline productivity and everyday tasks.With AI select, you can highlight the screen and use AI Cut out to remove backgrounds instantly, making clean cutouts for presentations.From translating text into another language to opening a selected website, or starting an email using your default mail app, Galaxy AI makes it all easy and fast.You can also use natural language to describe what you’re looking for and find it right away, whether you are looking for specific photos in your gallery or adjusting device settings. 19
Does Galaxy Book6 support Copilot+ PC features?
Yes. Galaxy Book6 supports Copilot+ PC features, allowing you to use AI-powered tools seamlessly during everyday work. With Intel’s latest Panther Lake processor and an NPU delivering up to 49 TOPS, it provides faster, smoother on-device AI performance, letting you experience Copilot+ PC features comfortably. 20
What are the advantages of Galaxy Book6’s display?
The IPS display on Galaxy Book6 delivers bright and clear visuals. The anti-glare coating minimizes reflections in various lighting conditions, maximizing viewing comfort. The 16:10 large screen provides more vertical screen space for higher productivity.Galaxy Book6 40.62 cm model also supports phone-like touch control on the display that enhances work efficiency, so you can tap, drag, drop and edit content instantly with your fingertips. 21
How long does Galaxy Book6's battery last and how fast does it recharge?
Galaxy Book6 offers up to 24 hours of video playback on a single charge, giving you long-lasting power.With Fast Charging, it reaches up to 33 % in just 30 minutes, so you can quickly top up and get back to work without waiting. 22
Does Galaxy Book6 support connectivity with smartphones and tablets?
Yes. Galaxy Book6 connects seamlessly with other Galaxy devices, making it easy to work across devices.With Storage Share, access documents, photos and videos in another device without a cable or cloud uploads. Nearby devices lets you see nearby Galaxy devices and connect them with drag & drop to check the available features right away. Multi Control allows you to move your cursor, type, and copy or paste files across your Galaxy Book, smartphone, Tab or TV with one keyboard and mouse. Use Second Screen to extend your workspace and Quick Share to send files between devices in seconds. 23
How thin is Galaxy Book6? How much does it weigh?
The 40.62 cm model weighs 1.74 kg, while the 35.56 cm model weighs 1.43 kg. Both measure 14.9 mm in thickness, offering slim and light body that's easy to carry on the go. The 40.62 cm model with touchscreen weighs 1.84 kg, measures 16.8 mm in thickness, which enhances productivity and creativity.
Windows 11 Home (Samsung recommends Windows 11 Pro for business)
CPU Intel® Core™ Ultra 7 processor 355
Intel® Core™ Ultra 7 processor 355
Resolution 1920 x 1200 (WUXGA)
Memory Capacity 16 GB
Memory Type LPDDR5X (On Board)
Storage Capacity 512 GB
Storage Type NVMe SSD
Number of Storage Slots 2
Number of Storage Slots
Speaker Stereo Speakers
Sound Effect Dolby Atmos®
Mic Dual Array Digital Mic
Dual Array Digital Mic
Wi-Fi Wi-Fi 6E, 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac/ax 2.4GHz+5GHz+6GHz, MIMO, HE160, 1024-QAM
Wi-Fi 6E, 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac/ax 2.4GHz+5GHz+6GHz, MIMO, HE160, 1024-QAM
Bluetooth Version Bluetooth v5.4
Ethernet 10/100/1000 Gigabit ethernet
10/100/1000 Gigabit ethernet
USB 2 USB Type-C, 2 USB3.2
2 USB Type-C, 2 USB3.2
External Storage Support MicroSD
External Storage Support
Earjack 1 Headphone out/Mic-in Combo
1 Headphone out/Mic-in Combo
Network Ports 1 RJ45 (LAN)
Keyboard Pro keyboard
Keyboard Backlit Yes
FingerPrint Reader Yes
Battery Chemistry Lithium-Ion
Battery Capacity (Typical)(Wh) 61.2
Battery Capacity (Typical)(Wh)
Adapter 45W USB Type-C Adapter
45W USB Type-C Adapter
Power Required for Charging (Min/Max)(W) 40 | 45
Power Required for Charging (Min/Max)(W)
Physical specification
Dimension (WxDxH) 35.71 cm x 24.80 cm x 1.68 cm
35.71 cm x 24.80 cm x 1.68 cm
Services and Applications
SmartThings Support Yes
Manufacturer’s Information
Manufactured by Samsung Electronics Vietnam Co., Ltd. Yen Phong 1 Industrial Zone, Yen Trung Commune, Bac Ninh Province, Vietnam
Samsung Electronics Vietnam Co., Ltd. Yen Phong 1 Industrial Zone, Yen Trung Commune, Bac Ninh Province, Vietnam
Country of Origin Vietnam
Imported by Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001
Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001
Contact us For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)
For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)
Launch date March 27 th , 2026
Product rating : 3.9
Recommended by 71 % of customers.
Relevancy sort puts the best reviews at the top. We look at things like helpfulness votes, latest review, pictures and other traits that readers look for in their reviews.
It's fantastic to hear that you're enjoying how sleek, lightweight and sturdy your Galaxy Book6 is, along with the overall efficiency and the long-lasting battery life. The good number of ports delivers excellent connectivity options, and the improved cooling is fantastic. We appreciate your feedback regarding the speakers and the keyboard. Thank you for sharing your review, and keep enjoying! ^EW at Samsung Support
We're pleased to hear that you think the Galaxy Book6 is a good laptop overall, engineered to deliver a balance of smooth performance, clear visuals and practical Galaxy AI features. However, we also appreciate your feedback regarding the price, the keyboard and the absence of a camera privacy shutter, as we understand these aspects left you feeling disappointed. While the backlit keyboard is available on other models in the range, including the Galaxy Book6 Pro and Galaxy Book6 Ultra, we'd like to reassure you that the Galaxy Book6 is designed with high-quality hardware and software to deliver reliable performance while helping to maximise your productivity and creativity. You can find out more about the features and specifications of this model on the official product page here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/computers/galaxy-book/galaxy-book6-16-inch-ultra-7-16gb-512gb-np760vjg-kg3uk/ Please be assured that your feedback will be shared with the relevant teams as we continue reviewing and improving our products. If you have any questions about getting the most from your laptop, our Support Team will be happy to help. You can find our contact details and opening hours on our Contact Us page here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^CL at Samsung Support
Fantastic to see how much the Galaxy Book6 has impressed you, Devan! The sleek design of this laptop makes it a true joy to use. At 1.59 KG, we believe that this model is fairly lightweight considering the heavyweight features it boasts, and it remains easily portable. The premium materials we use do have a weight cost, but we believe that it is certainly worth it. The stunning Dynamic AMOLED 2X display allows you to really immerse yourself in this device, with the increased resolution making it perfect for both work and play. Not to mention, the trackpad has been designed perfectly for the aspect ratio, making using this model a breeze. With the power of the Intel® Core™ Ultra 7 processor, this laptop handles any task you throw its way. You can multitask, stream, edit, and scroll to your hearts content without worrying about lag. This model doesn't even know the meaning of the word! The 78.07Wh battery also has you covered through long usage sessions, powering you through your daily tasks. While we have decided to forego a number pad on this model, we're grateful to read your insight and interest in this feature. We will certainly take this onboard for the future. Thank you so much for sharing your feedback with us. There is nothing we value more than the informed contribution of our users, as it informs the continuous improvement of our devices. Keep enjoying your wonderful Galaxy Book! ^SK at Samsung Support
Hello Amir, We appreciate you sharing your experience with us. We’re sorry to hear that you experienced challenges with your product and will share this feedback to our relevant teams. If you would like to provide additional feedback or discuss this ticket further, our email support will be happy to assist by visiting https://www.samsung.com/ca/support/emailsupport/ and choosing ‘Email General Support’ and providing the Subject Line: Samsung Review Case – Galaxy Book6 Thank you, Samsung Customer Care
These reviews are managed by Bazaarvoice and comply with the Bazaarvoice Authenticity Policy, which is supported by anti-fraud technology and human analysis. Details at
Link copied to clipboard!
User manual & downloads
User Manual(Windows 11)
How to fix Samsung laptop battery is not charging
How to fix if Samsung laptop keyboard is not working
Moisture prevention tips for Samsung Laptops (Galaxy Book)
Remaster picture feature on Samsung Galaxy Book4 series
How to use PC Diagnostics on your Samsung Galaxy Book6
Find answers the question you have about the product
Get the most from Samsung device and services.
See how products work and get advice on which models fit your needs.
*Screen image simulated for illustrative purposes.*Thickness, weight and color availability may vary by model, configuration and country.
1. *Samsung account login may be required to use certain AI features.*Samsung does not make any promises, assurances or guarantees as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the output provided by AI features.*Availability of Galaxy AI features may vary depending on the region/country, OS/One UI version, device model, and phone carrier.*Galaxy AI basic features provided by Samsung are free. Future releases may include enhanced features or new services that are offered on a paid basis. Different terms may apply for AI features provided by third parties. Galaxy AI basic features are those services listed under ""Advanced intelligence"" in the current Samsung Services Terms and Conditions.*Galaxy AI service may be limited for minors in certain regions with age restrictions over AI usage. Go to feature
2. *Keyboard layout may vary by model or type of language.*Screen image simulated for illustrative purposes. The product design varies by size.*Thickness, weight and color availability may vary by model, configuration and country. Go to feature
3. *CPU and GPU specifications may vary depending on model, country, or region.*CPU and GPU performance may differ based on the processor type. *The enhanced performance figures of the GPU are based on a comparison between Galaxy Book6 40.62 cm and Galaxy Book5 38.1 cm. The GPU performance is enhanced by 41 % based on the Galaxy Book5 model when tested with the Time Spy Graphics Score. Results are based on internal testing conducted under specific conditions and may differ in actual usage environments.*Intel Core Ultra processors (Series 3) are compatible with Copilot+ PCs. Go to feature
4. *Keyboard layout may vary by model or type of language.*Galaxy Book6 offers the longest battery life compared to previous Galaxy Book base models.*Using the original Samsung data cable and charger is recommended.*Battery capacity, video runtime on a full charge and amount of charge that can be charged in 30 minutes vary by model and configuration. Galaxy Book6 model features a 61.2 Wh (typical) battery, supports up to 24 hours of video runtime on a full charge and can be charged with up to 33 % charge in 30 minutes.*For details regarding internal lab testing on battery capacity and video runtime, check the FAQ section under "How long does Galaxy Book6’s battery last and how fast does it recharge?". Go to feature
5. *Screen image simulated for illustrative purposes. Go to feature
6. *Screen image simulated for illustrative purposes. Actual UX/UI may vary. Go to feature
7. *Port layout may vary by model.*Actual speed of USB may vary depending on user environment.*Screen image simulated for illustrative purposes. The product design varies by size. Go to feature
8. *Images simulated at the recommended display scaling of 100 %. Results for illustrative purposes only. Actual UI/UX may be different.*Requires internet connection and Samsung Account login.*Service availability may vary by country, language or device model. Availability of supported languages may vary. Certain languages may require language pack download. *Galaxy AI select download and installation may be required when launching the app for the first time.*Galaxy AI features may not be available at launch. Availability may vary. Go to feature
9. *Supported languages: English, Arabic, German, Spanish, Spanish (Mexico), Spanish (USA), French, French (Canada), Hindi, Indonesian, Italian, Korean, Dutch, Polish, Portuguese, Portuguese (Brazil), Romanian, Russian, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Simplified Chinese, Chinese (Hong Kong), Chinese (Taiwan), Japanese, Vietnamese.*Availability of supported languages and services may vary by country, region or language. Certain languages may not be available for translation. Go to feature
10. *Supported languages of Quick Search, Samsung Gallery are Korean and English. Service availability may vary by country, region or language. Certain languages may not be available.*Supported languages of Samsung Settings are Korean, English, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Chinese, and Portuguese. Service availability may vary by country, region or language. Certain languages may not be available.*Galaxy AI features may not be available at launch. Availability may vary.*Contains an AI-generated image with post-editing applied. Go to feature
11. *Each device must be signed in to the same Samsung account and must have both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth turned on. Requires updated Galaxy smartphones and tablets with One UI 7 or higher and kernel version 5.15 or higher and Galaxy Book2 or later(Intel) and Galaxy Book4 or later(Arm). Feature availability may vary by region and device model.*Feature availability may vary by region and device model.*Contains an AI-generated image with post-editing applied. Go to feature
12. *To use Nearby devices, the following conditions must be met.*Feature availability: Your phone, tablet, or PC must be signed in to your same Samsung account and must have both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth turned on. Galaxy phones and tablets require One UI 7 or higher. Galaxy Books with Nearby devices app needs to be installed from the Microsoft Store, and the software versions below are required. Samsung Settings 6.0 or higher (Arm), Samsung Continuity Service 1.13 or higher.*Discoverable devices : Conditions may vary by device. Devices that meet the conditions will appear when you tap the Nearby devices button in the quick panel. Watches, bands and rings aren't discoverable on Galaxy Books or tablet. For details,see FAQ 'Does Galaxy Book6 support connectivity with smartphones and tablets?' for Discoverable devices of Nearby devices. Go to feature
13. *Each device must be registered with a single Samsung Account and connected to the same Wi-Fi network.*Multi control requires updated Galaxy phones and tablets with One UI 5.1.1 or above and Galaxy Book series devices released in 2021 or later with Samsung Settings v1.5(Intel) or Samsung Settings v3.3(ARM) and Samsung TVs or Smart monitors released in 2024 or later.*Some functions(such as Copy & Paste or Drag & Drop) may not be available when using certain device models and apps.*Feature availability may vary by region.*Screen image simulated for illustrative purposes. Actual UX/UI may be different. Go to feature
14. *For a better experience, both devices must be signed in to the same Samsung account.*Available on select Samsung Galaxy Tab models only, including Galaxy Tab S11, Tab S11 Ultra, Tab S10+, Tab S10 Ultra, Tab S9, Tab S9+, Tab S9 Ultra, Tab S9 FE, Tab S9 FE+, Tab S8, Tab S8+, Tab S8 Ultra and Tab Active4 Pro with One UI 5.1.1 or later versions installed.*Available on Samsung Galaxy Book series devices with Windows 11 OS or later version installed. Some additional functions are supported only on Samsung Galaxy Book series devices.*Some apps may not support this feature for content protection purposes. Go to feature
15. *Available on devices with One UI 2.1 or above and Android OS 10 (Q OS) version or higher installed. Supported PCs include Galaxy Books, including Qualcomm-based PCs released in 2020 or later. Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connection are required for Quick Share. The number of devices Quick Share can share to at the same time may vary depending on the Wi-Fi chip hardware of the sharing device. Actual speed may vary depending on device, network condition and user environment. For file sharing with QR codes and contacts, a maximum of 1,000 files can be transferred at a time. There is a size limitation of 10 GB per file and 10 GB per day that can be transferred. The link will expire after two days. Sender's device requires a Samsung account, and both sender and receiver devices require Internet connection. Go to feature
16. *CPU and GPU specifications may vary by model. Go to feature
17. *CPU and GPU specifications may vary depending on model, country or region.*CPU and GPU performance may differ based on the processor type. Go to feature
18. *Memory and starage options may vary by country.*Only the 2230 type expansion slot is provided for the 35.56 cm model. Go to feature
19. *Supported languages of Quick Search, Samsung Gallery : Korean, English. Service availability may vary by country, region or language. Certain languages may not be available.*Supported languages of Samsung Settings : Korean, English, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Chinese, and Portuguese. Service availability may vary by country, region or language. Certain languages may not be available.*Supported languages of Translate : English, Arabic, German, Spanish, Spanish - Mexico, Spanish - USA, French - France, French - Canada, Hindi, Indonesian, Italian, Korean, Dutch, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Simplified Chinese, Chinese (Hong Kong), Chinese (Taiwan), Japanese, Vietnamese. Service availability may vary by country, region or language. Certain languages may not be available.*Samsung account login may be required for certain AI features. Visit samsung.com for details.*Galaxy AI features may not be available at launch. Availability may vary. Go to feature
20. *Windows OS must be pre-installed. Copilot+ PC is not supported on PCs with Linux OS or without any OS. Go to feature
21. *Touch display is only supported on the 40.62 cm touch model. Go to feature
22. *Video runtime is based on the 40.62 cm model. Performance and specifications may vary for the 35.56 cm model.*Typical value of battery capacity tested under third-party laboratory condition. Typical value is the estimated average value considering the deviation in battery capacity among the battery samples tested under IEC 61960 standard. Rated (minimum) capacity is 59.1 Wh.*Based on results from internal lab tests for local video playback time conducted by Samsung. Tested with results from a pre-release version of the device using inbox 45 W charger under settings (1080p video playback from video files stored on the device's local storage, player-Windows video players (Media Player, Movies & TV, Films & TV) with full screen, brightness-150 nits, wired earphone with default volume, airplane mode on, keyboard backlight off) without connection to Wi-Fi or mobile network, measuring the time until the device is discharged to 2 %. Battery life varies significantly depending on settings, network environment, usage patterns and other factors. Actual charging speed may also vary depending on the actual usage, charging conditions and other factors.*Battery capacity, video runtime on a full charge and amount of charge that can be charged in 30 minutes vary by model and configuration.*The inbox charger and data cable are USB Type-C.*Compact charger inbox availability may vary by country or region. Go to feature
23. *To use Nearby devices, the following conditions must be met.*Feature availability: Your phone, tablet, or PC must be signed in to your same Samsung account and must have both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth turned on. Galaxy phones and tablets require One UI 7 or higher. Galaxy Books with Nearby devices app needs to be installed from the Microsoft Store, and the software versions below are required. Samsung Settings 6.0 or higher (Arm), Samsung Continuity Service 1.13 or higher.*Discoverable devices: Devices that meet the conditions below will appear when you tap the Nearby devices button in the quick panel. Galaxy phones and tablets: Must be signed in to the same Samsung account and Bluetooth must be turned on. One UI 7 or higher is required to use all features. Limited features are available if your phone or tablet has One UI 4.1.1 or higher and Continuity Service 1.2.27 or higher. Galaxy Book must be signed in to the same Samsung account and Bluetooth must be turned on and requires Samsung Settings 6.0 or higher (Arm), Samsung Continuity Service 1.13 or higher. Samsung TVs and Smart monitors, and projectors must be turned on and must have connected to this phone/tablet at least once using Smart View or DeX. Only TVs released in 2016 or later are supported. Not discoverable on Galaxy Books. Galaxy Buds, watches, ﬁtness bands, and rings must be paired with this phone using Bluetooth. Bluetooth must be turned on. Galaxy Buds must be removed from case or case must be opened. Galaxy Watch4 and above are supported. Watches, bands, and rings aren't discoverable on Galaxy Books or tablet. Go to feature
* Actual speed of USB can vary depending on user environment
* Weights and height vary depending on manufacturing process
* Please contact Samsung Call Center or Samsung Authorized Service Centers before you replace or add storage and memory for compatibility check
* Typical value of battery capacity tested under third-party laboratory condition. Typical value is the estimated average value considering the deviation in battery capacity among the battery samples tested under IEC 61960 standard. Actual battery life may vary depending on network environment, usage patterns and other factors.
* Screen size is measured diagonally as a full rectangle without accounting for the rounded corners. Actual viewable area is less due to the rounded corners.
* Images shown here are for representational purpose only, actual may vary. All features, specifications and prices are subject to change without prior notice. Model availability may vary from location to location.
Installment Plans Disclaimer
HAVE QUESTIONS? LET US HELP.
Get alert when this item is back in stock and available to buy, by adding your email or phone number to opt into alerts.
Please double check your email address.
By providing your email/mobile number you agree to marketing communications & inventory alerts from Samsung on Email, SMS & WhatsApp. By clicking submit you are agreeing to the above Terms and Conditions.
We will notify you when inventory is added. Thank you.