What are you looking for?
Galaxy A35 5G (8GB Memory)
How to take quick videos on Samsung Galaxy Smartphones?
How to shoot videos with galaxy super steady mode?
How to remove accounts from your galaxy phone or tablet?
How can I see the navigation bar on my galaxy device?
Additional Information
Support News How One UI 6.0 displays internal storage capacity Nov 27, 2023
Support Alert End of e-mail service for Samsung Smart Camera Jul 27, 2022
Support Alert Wearing the Galaxy Buds May 26, 2021
support product detail
Accessory & Bluetooth
Network & WiFi Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How to optimise network connectivity Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How to optimise network connectivity
Others How to check battery percentage in Samsung galaxy smartphones How to check battery percentage in Samsung galaxy smartphones
Software Upgrade How to update the software on your Galaxy Smartphone How to update the software on your Galaxy Smartphone
Others How to clean my Galaxy phone? How to clean my Galaxy phone?
Others How to register your Samsung product? How to register your Samsung product?
Battery How to resolve slow charging issue in your Galaxy Smartphone How to resolve slow charging issue in your Galaxy Smartphone
Message How to restore deleted messages on your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone How to restore deleted messages on your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone
Others How to optimize charging of your Galaxy smartphone How to optimize charging of your Galaxy smartphone
Call & Contacts How to enable/disable the ‘call forwarding’ feature in your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone How to enable/disable the ‘call forwarding’ feature in your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone
Samsung Apps How to set up Secure Folder on your galaxy smartphone How to set up Secure Folder on your galaxy smartphone
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphone - How to optimize your smartphone’s performance and avoid heating Samsung Galaxy Smartphone - How to optimize your smartphone’s performance and avoid heating
Power Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How to ensure optimum charging Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How to ensure optimum charging
Settings How does the proximity sensor works? How does the proximity sensor works?
Others How to use the call recording feature on your Samsung smartphone? How to use the call recording feature on your Samsung smartphone?
Others Samsung Customer Support on your fingertips Samsung Customer Support on your fingertips
Network & WiFi How to connect your Galaxy Device to a WiFi Network? How to connect your Galaxy Device to a WiFi Network?
Others How to use Device Care in Samsung Mobile? How to use Device Care in Samsung Mobile?
Others How to remove lock screen ads How to remove lock screen ads
Power How to fast charge your Galaxy phone How to fast charge your Galaxy phone
Others How to block accidental touches on your Galaxy smartphone How to block accidental touches on your Galaxy smartphone
Backup & Restore Galaxy Smartphones: Back Up the Gallery app to Samsung Cloud Galaxy Smartphones: Back Up the Gallery app to Samsung Cloud
Hardware OTG (On The Go) cable and its connectivity issue OTG (On The Go) cable and its connectivity issue
Call & Contacts How to enable call waiting in samsung smartphones? How to enable call waiting in samsung smartphones?
Settings Change the Ringtone on a Samsung Phone Change the Ringtone on a Samsung Phone
Others How to change the language settings of each app in your Galaxy device How to change the language settings of each app in your Galaxy device
Multimedia How to Transfer Media Files to a USB on a Samsung Phone How to Transfer Media Files to a USB on a Samsung Phone
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How can I recover deleted photo? Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How can I recover deleted photo?
Others How to take a screenshot on your galaxy smartphone using Bixby voice command? How to take a screenshot on your galaxy smartphone using Bixby voice command?
Others How to change the background of video calls How to change the background of video calls
Others How to change the clock style in Samsung Gear S2 Classic(SM-R732)? How to change the clock style in Samsung Gear S2 Classic(SM-R732)?
Others How to enable the ‘eye comfort shield’ on your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone How to enable the ‘eye comfort shield’ on your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone
Others How to use the ‘Private Share’ feature of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone? How to use the ‘Private Share’ feature of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone?
Camera Camera modes in Samsung galaxy smartphones Camera modes in Samsung galaxy smartphones
Camera How to use AR Emoji Sticker in Samsung devices How to use AR Emoji Sticker in Samsung devices
Others How to clear app cache and data in Samsung devices How to clear app cache and data in Samsung devices
Others How to enable Floating Notification on Samsung Galaxy devices How to enable Floating Notification on Samsung Galaxy devices
Others How to access Samsung Digital Service Center How to access Samsung Digital Service Center
Settings Samsung मोबाइल फोन: आईएमईआई, मॉडल कोड और सीरियल नंबर किधर देखे? Samsung मोबाइल फोन: आईएमईआई, मॉडल कोड और सीरियल नंबर किधर देखे?
Others अपने गैलेक्सी फोन को कैसे साफ करें? अपने गैलेक्सी फोन को कैसे साफ करें?
Others फ्रीज या हैंग होने पर Samsung डिवाइस को रीस्टार्ट कैसे करें? फ्रीज या हैंग होने पर Samsung डिवाइस को रीस्टार्ट कैसे करें?
Lock अगर मैं सुरक्षा पासवर्ड भूल गया हूँ तो अनलॉक कैसे करूँ? अगर मैं सुरक्षा पासवर्ड भूल गया हूँ तो अनलॉक कैसे करूँ?
Lock Unlock my galaxy device if i forgot the security pin pattern or password Unlock my galaxy device if i forgot the security pin pattern or password
Others Where can I check IMEI, Model Code & Serial Number in Samsung mobile Where can I check IMEI, Model Code & Serial Number in Samsung mobile
Lock SmartThings Find: Use to locate, lock or wipe Samsung device SmartThings Find: Use to locate, lock or wipe Samsung device
Others Protect your Galaxy device with the new Auto Blocker feature Protect your Galaxy device with the new Auto Blocker feature
Others How to optimize network connectivity How to optimize network connectivity
Others Samsung मोबाइल में डिवाइस केयर का उपयोग कैसे करें Samsung मोबाइल में डिवाइस केयर का उपयोग कैसे करें
Battery आपके गैलेक्सी उपकरणों के लिए वायरलेस चार्जिंग आपके गैलेक्सी उपकरणों के लिए वायरलेस चार्जिंग
Backup & Restore स्मार्ट स्विच का उपयोग करके डेटा कैसे ट्रांसफर और बैकअप करें स्मार्ट स्विच का उपयोग करके डेटा कैसे ट्रांसफर और बैकअप करें
Others गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफ़ोन पर ऐप्स को अनइंस्टॉल या अक्षम कैसे करें गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफ़ोन पर ऐप्स को अनइंस्टॉल या अक्षम कैसे करें
Hardware मोबाइल फोन के लिए नमी प्रबंधन युक्तियाँ मोबाइल फोन के लिए नमी प्रबंधन युक्तियाँ
Network & WiFi ठीक करें यदि आपका डिवाइस वाईफाई नेटवर्क से कनेक्ट नहीं कर रहा है ठीक करें यदि आपका डिवाइस वाईफाई नेटवर्क से कनेक्ट नहीं कर रहा है
Settings Samsung फोन का वॉल्यूम कैसे एडजस्ट करें Samsung फोन का वॉल्यूम कैसे एडजस्ट करें
Software Upgrade Simplified app names in Galaxy One UI 6 Simplified app names in Galaxy One UI 6
Call & Contacts How to sync your contacts on a Galaxy phone to your Google account How to sync your contacts on a Galaxy phone to your Google account
Lock लॉक स्क्रीन विज्ञापन कैसे निकालें लॉक स्क्रीन विज्ञापन कैसे निकालें
Others How to prevent the overheating of your Galaxy device How to prevent the overheating of your Galaxy device
Battery अपने गैलेक्सी फोन को तेजी से कैसे चार्ज करें अपने गैलेक्सी फोन को तेजी से कैसे चार्ज करें
Settings अपने गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफोन पर एक्सीडेंटल टच को कैसे रोकें अपने गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफोन पर एक्सीडेंटल टच को कैसे रोकें
Battery अपने गैलेक्सी डिवाइस की ओवरहीटिंग को कैसे रोकें अपने गैलेक्सी डिवाइस की ओवरहीटिंग को कैसे रोकें
Others How to transfer data from an iPhone or iPad to a new Galaxy device with Smart Switch How to transfer data from an iPhone or iPad to a new Galaxy device with Smart Switch
Software Upgrade गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफ़ोन: गैलरी ऐप का SAMSUNG क्लाउड पर बैकअप लें गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफ़ोन: गैलरी ऐप का SAMSUNG क्लाउड पर बैकअप लें
Settings फाइंड माई मोबाइल: गैलेक्सी डिवाइस का पता लगाने के लिए उपयोग करें? फाइंड माई मोबाइल: गैलेक्सी डिवाइस का पता लगाने के लिए उपयोग करें?
Others OTG (ऑन द गो) केबल और इसकी कनेक्टिविटी समस्या OTG (ऑन द गो) केबल और इसकी कनेक्टिविटी समस्या
Settings Samsung स्मार्टफोन में कॉल वेटिंग कैसे सक्षम करें? Samsung स्मार्टफोन में कॉल वेटिंग कैसे सक्षम करें?
Others How to troubleshoot software update issues How to troubleshoot software update issues
Software Upgrade सॉफ्टवेयर अपडेट समस्याओं का निवारण कैसे करें सॉफ्टवेयर अपडेट समस्याओं का निवारण कैसे करें
Audio Samsung फोन पर रिंगटोन बदलें Samsung फोन पर रिंगटोन बदलें
Others Samsung गैलेक्सी डिवाइस कैसे रीसेट करें Samsung गैलेक्सी डिवाइस कैसे रीसेट करें
Call & Contacts How to Block and Unblock numbers How to Block and Unblock numbers
Audio How to adjust samsung phone volume How to adjust samsung phone volume
Others How to add or remove watermark from your photos How to add or remove watermark from your photos
Others Safety precautions when using a Galaxy device Safety precautions when using a Galaxy device
Others How to get a Samsung account and the advantages of having it How to get a Samsung account and the advantages of having it
Settings Samsung खाता कैसे प्राप्त करें और इसके होने के क्या फायदे हैं Samsung खाता कैसे प्राप्त करें और इसके होने के क्या फायदे हैं
Others गैलेक्सी डिवाइस का उपयोग करते समय सुरक्षा सावधानियाँ गैलेक्सी डिवाइस का उपयोग करते समय सुरक्षा सावधानियाँ
Others How to Access Your Galaxy Phone Data When Touch Screen is Spoilt How to Access Your Galaxy Phone Data When Touch Screen is Spoilt
Power Causes and solutions for when your Samsung Galaxy device gets warm Causes and solutions for when your Samsung Galaxy device gets warm
Others How to insert a USIM card into the Galaxy Z Flip5 and Z Fold5 How to insert a USIM card into the Galaxy Z Flip5 and Z Fold5
Application Galaxy device slows down, freezes, or displays ads after installing third-party apps Galaxy device slows down, freezes, or displays ads after installing third-party apps
Others Remove the case or cover on the Galaxy Z Flip and Z Fold series Remove the case or cover on the Galaxy Z Flip and Z Fold series
Camera How to take a selfie with the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip5 FlexCam How to take a selfie with the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip5 FlexCam
Camera Tips for taking clear close-up photos with Galaxy phones Tips for taking clear close-up photos with Galaxy phones
Others Navigate your Galaxy phone and Galaxy tablet using Multi control Navigate your Galaxy phone and Galaxy tablet using Multi control
Hardware Frequently asked questions regarding the Galaxy Z Flip5 and Fold5 hinge technology Frequently asked questions regarding the Galaxy Z Flip5 and Fold5 hinge technology
Others How to ensure that the Google Play Store app runs smoothly How to ensure that the Google Play Store app runs smoothly
Others How to Turn on/off Screen rotation in Samsung smartphones? How to Turn on/off Screen rotation in Samsung smartphones?
Others How to take screenshots with a ‘palm swipe’ on your Samsung smartphone How to take screenshots with a ‘palm swipe’ on your Samsung smartphone
Others How to take screenshots using the edge panel of your Samsung smartphone How to take screenshots using the edge panel of your Samsung smartphone
Application How to uninstall or disable apps on Galaxy Smartphones How to uninstall or disable apps on Galaxy Smartphones
Network & WiFi How to run eSIM self-diagnostics for the Galaxy Watch series How to run eSIM self-diagnostics for the Galaxy Watch series
Call & Contacts नंबर्स को कैसे ब्लॉक और अनब्लॉक करे नंबर्स को कैसे ब्लॉक और अनब्लॉक करे
Troubleshoot NFC issues on Galaxy devices Troubleshoot NFC issues on Galaxy devices
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphone - Change the Display Settings Samsung Galaxy Smartphone - Change the Display Settings
Kies [Smart Switch] How to transfer data from iOS to Galaxy through iCloud? [Smart Switch] How to transfer data from iOS to Galaxy through iCloud?
Others Use two hands with your Samsung Galaxy devices for maximum productivity Use two hands with your Samsung Galaxy devices for maximum productivity
Network & WiFi How to troubleshoot Mobile data issues How to troubleshoot Mobile data issues
Network & WiFi How to enable the Wi-Fi Calling function on Galaxy phone How to enable the Wi-Fi Calling function on Galaxy phone
Others How to use Samsung Video editor How to use Samsung Video editor
Others How to capture an image from a video frame How to capture an image from a video frame
Settings How to solve screenshot errors on devices with Android 13 OS How to solve screenshot errors on devices with Android 13 OS
Others How to record, edit and share videos in 8K with your Galaxy device How to record, edit and share videos in 8K with your Galaxy device
Others How to enable or disable the call waiting feature in your Samsung Smartphone How to enable or disable the call waiting feature in your Samsung Smartphone
Call & Contacts How to view call logs on your Galaxy smartphone | Samsung How to view call logs on your Galaxy smartphone | Samsung
Power How to force reboot your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to force reboot your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Call & Contacts How to import and export contacts on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to import and export contacts on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Others How to enable ‘Dolby Atmos’ sound on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to enable ‘Dolby Atmos’ sound on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Others How to set a picture or video as the ‘call background’ on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to set a picture or video as the ‘call background’ on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Settings How to add or remove buttons from quick setting panel How to add or remove buttons from quick setting panel
Settings How to find and remove duplicate files on your Galaxy device How to find and remove duplicate files on your Galaxy device
Others Why touching the screen might not work properly Why touching the screen might not work properly
Others How to transfer data using Smart Switch How to transfer data using Smart Switch
Others My device is shattered and there is a crack on my screen My device is shattered and there is a crack on my screen
Application रीसायकल बिन से डाटा कैसे रिस्टोर करें? रीसायकल बिन से डाटा कैसे रिस्टोर करें?
Others Galaxy Phone Water Resistance Galaxy Phone Water Resistance
Battery Issues with wired charging Issues with wired charging
Others How to ensure that my Samsung Mobile device is powered by safe batteries? How to ensure that my Samsung Mobile device is powered by safe batteries?
Settings Why the Calls are not getting connected? Why the Calls are not getting connected?
Audio What is scalable codec? What is scalable codec?
Application Unable to download application from Google Playstore Unable to download application from Google Playstore
Others How to use the Voice Recorder app on my Samsung Phone How to use the Voice Recorder app on my Samsung Phone
Call & Contacts What to do when your Galaxy device is unable to make or receive calls What to do when your Galaxy device is unable to make or receive calls
Others What to do if your Touch Screen is not working properly What to do if your Touch Screen is not working properly
Others How to connect Galaxy Buds to a smartphone How to connect Galaxy Buds to a smartphone
Others What is the Galaxy Buds 360 audio feature? What is the Galaxy Buds 360 audio feature?
Others How do I update my Galaxy Buds software? How do I update my Galaxy Buds software?
Others How to use Scroll Capture on a Galaxy smartphone How to use Scroll Capture on a Galaxy smartphone
Others अपने सैमसंग उत्पाद को कैसे पंजीकृत करें? अपने सैमसंग उत्पाद को कैसे पंजीकृत करें?
Battery सैमसंग स्मार्टफोन की बैटरी लाइफ को कैसे अनुकूलित और बढ़ा सकता हूं? सैमसंग स्मार्टफोन की बैटरी लाइफ को कैसे अनुकूलित और बढ़ा सकता हूं?
Others What is the fast-charging feature for the Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4? What is the fast-charging feature for the Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4?
Others How to use the Samsung Members App? How to use the Samsung Members App?
Backup & Restore Galaxy Smartphones: How to use Samsung Cloud Drive? Galaxy Smartphones: How to use Samsung Cloud Drive?
Backup & Restore Galaxy Smartphones: How to Share Samsung Notes? Galaxy Smartphones: How to Share Samsung Notes?
Settings How to enable download manager application in Samsung smartphones? How to enable download manager application in Samsung smartphones?
Others Samsung Smartphones: How to customize apps icon size? Samsung Smartphones: How to customize apps icon size?
Application Using the Radio app on my Samsung phone Using the Radio app on my Samsung phone
Others Using Call and Text On Other Devices Using Call and Text On Other Devices
Others How to enable Power saving mode in Samsung Galaxy? How to enable Power saving mode in Samsung Galaxy?
Audio How to personalise the Sound settings on Samsung Galaxy? How to personalise the Sound settings on Samsung Galaxy?
Audio Can't hear calls on Samsung Mobile Can't hear calls on Samsung Mobile
Settings Samsung mobile: Call logs are not showing Samsung mobile: Call logs are not showing
Power Samsung mobile is not turning on Samsung mobile is not turning on
Camera Samsung Mobile: Camera not working Samsung Mobile: Camera not working
Lock Customising my Lock Screen on my Samsung Phone Customising my Lock Screen on my Samsung Phone
Battery How can I optimise and extend the battery life on my Samsung Galaxy smartphone? How can I optimise and extend the battery life on my Samsung Galaxy smartphone?
Samsung Apps How to use Samsung Notes How to use Samsung Notes
Backup & Restore Linking my Samsung Account to OneDrive Linking my Samsung Account to OneDrive
Backup & Restore Using OneDrive on my Samsung device Using OneDrive on my Samsung device
Samsung Apps How to disable Bixby button? How to disable Bixby button?
Network & WiFi How to troubleshoot a Galaxy phone that won't connect to a Wi-Fi network How to troubleshoot a Galaxy phone that won't connect to a Wi-Fi network
Others How to manage the notifications and permissions of apps through settings on a Galaxy phone How to manage the notifications and permissions of apps through settings on a Galaxy phone
Kies How to Transfer and Backup Data Using Smart Switch on a Galaxy Phone How to Transfer and Backup Data Using Smart Switch on a Galaxy Phone
Others Why is my phone slowing down and how can I speed it up? Why is my phone slowing down and how can I speed it up?
Power My Galaxy device is not fast charging. How do I fix it? My Galaxy device is not fast charging. How do I fix it?
Others How to insert and remove SIM card on Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge How to insert and remove SIM card on Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
Others How to insert and remove SIM card on Samsung Galaxy A Series How to insert and remove SIM card on Samsung Galaxy A Series
Others How to use the Smart Manager application of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge How to use the Smart Manager application of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
Others How-to: Setup Find My Mobile on your Galaxy How-to: Setup Find My Mobile on your Galaxy
Others Samsung Galaxy J2: How to customize Font Style? Samsung Galaxy J2: How to customize Font Style?
Power [Hands-On] The Galaxy S10’s Advanced Charging Technologies [Hands-On] The Galaxy S10’s Advanced Charging Technologies
Camera Galaxy S10: How to shoot Super steady videos? Galaxy S10: How to shoot Super steady videos?
Settings What is this Proximity Sensor What is this Proximity Sensor
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphone | How to connect and update Galaxy Buds+ Samsung Galaxy Smartphone | How to connect and update Galaxy Buds+
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphone | How to use the Music Share feature Samsung Galaxy Smartphone | How to use the Music Share feature
Lock Samsung Pass - How to configure and protect your login information Samsung Pass - How to configure and protect your login information
Samsung Apps Samsung Secure Folder - How to keep your documents secure Samsung Secure Folder - How to keep your documents secure
Camera Samsung Galaxy S21 | How to use the Single Take feature Samsung Galaxy S21 | How to use the Single Take feature
Others How to ensure seamless performance of your Samsung galaxy smartphone How to ensure seamless performance of your Samsung galaxy smartphone
Others How to use Samsung Remote Support How to use Samsung Remote Support
Others Unique camera experiences with Flex mode on Galaxy Z Flip3 Unique camera experiences with Flex mode on Galaxy Z Flip3
Others How to set a custom ringtone for a contact on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to set a custom ringtone for a contact on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Software Upgrade How to check for and schedule software updates on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to check for and schedule software updates on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Others How to use the ‘Battery and device care’ feature of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to use the ‘Battery and device care’ feature of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Call & Contacts How to view, edit and save contacts on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to view, edit and save contacts on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Others How to use custom flash notifications on your samsung smartphone How to use custom flash notifications on your samsung smartphone
Others How to enable and disable app notifications on your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone How to enable and disable app notifications on your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone
Others How to create backup and restore contacts on your Samsung Galaxy_smartphone How to create backup and restore contacts on your Samsung Galaxy_smartphone
Others How to get complete diagnostic support for your smartphone on the Samsung Members app How to get complete diagnostic support for your smartphone on the Samsung Members app
Others How to customise the app aspect ratio on your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G How to customise the app aspect ratio on your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G
Others How to use the ‘screen recording’ feature on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to use the ‘screen recording’ feature on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Others How to pin apps to the home screen of your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G How to pin apps to the home screen of your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G
Others How to hide/show the navigation bar on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to hide/show the navigation bar on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Others How to take screenshots using the side keys of your Samsung smartphone How to take screenshots using the side keys of your Samsung smartphone
Others How to enable the ‘multi window’ feature on your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G smartphone How to enable the ‘multi window’ feature on your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G smartphone
Call & Contacts how to customize the incoming call display of your samsung galaxy smartphone? how to customize the incoming call display of your samsung galaxy smartphone?
Others How to change the theme of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone? How to change the theme of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone?
Settings How to use the ‘RAM Plus’ feature of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone? How to use the ‘RAM Plus’ feature of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone?
Settings How to enable ‘Air actions’ on your Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra? How to enable ‘Air actions’ on your Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra?
Others [Remote Support] How to use Samsung Smart Tutor App in Galaxy devices? [Remote Support] How to use Samsung Smart Tutor App in Galaxy devices?
Network & WiFi How to Connect your Galaxy Device with other Bluetooth Devices? How to Connect your Galaxy Device with other Bluetooth Devices?
Others How to connect your Galaxy device to other devices using Connected Devices How to connect your Galaxy device to other devices using Connected Devices
Others How to automatically refresh the Samsung Galaxy weather widget through movement How to automatically refresh the Samsung Galaxy weather widget through movement
Others How to select and view only the albums you want to see in Galaxy gallery How to select and view only the albums you want to see in Galaxy gallery
OT_Others Is Memographer(Camera) available in Samsung Galaxy Gear(SM-V700)? Is Memographer(Camera) available in Samsung Galaxy Gear(SM-V700)?
OT_Others Is Call option available in Samsung Galaxy Gear(SM-V700)? Is Call option available in Samsung Galaxy Gear(SM-V700)?
Application What is Quick Connect in Samsung Galaxy S5(SM-G900H)? What is Quick Connect in Samsung Galaxy S5(SM-G900H)?
Others What are the important reasons to Recycle Samsung products? What are the important reasons to Recycle Samsung products?
Others What is the Process to Drop-off my E-waste(Old) product? What is the Process to Drop-off my E-waste(Old) product?
Others How to deactivate the Voice wake-up feature in S Voice app in Gear S2 Classic? How to deactivate the Voice wake-up feature in S Voice app in Gear S2 Classic?
Others How to close Recent Apps in Samsung Gear S2 Classic(SM-R732)? How to close Recent Apps in Samsung Gear S2 Classic(SM-R732)?
Application How to connect the Gear S2(SM-R720) to a mobile device? How to connect the Gear S2(SM-R720) to a mobile device?
Application What are the Key options of Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? What are the Key options of Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?
Others How to replace the strap of Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? How to replace the strap of Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?
Others How to wear Samsung Gear S2? How to wear Samsung Gear S2?
Others How to check the Charging status on wireless charger dock of Samsung Gear S2? How to check the Charging status on wireless charger dock of Samsung Gear S2?
Others How to charge the battery of Samsung Gear S2? How to charge the battery of Samsung Gear S2?
Others How to safely charge the battery of Samsung Gear S2? How to safely charge the battery of Samsung Gear S2?
Others How to connect the Gear S2 Classic(SM-R732)to a mobile device? How to connect the Gear S2 Classic(SM-R732)to a mobile device?
Others Is there any possible hazard caused by electromagnetic waves comes from Gear S2? Is there any possible hazard caused by electromagnetic waves comes from Gear S2?
Others while charging, the surface of my gear s2 may appear warmer than usual.assist me? while charging, the surface of my gear s2 may appear warmer than usual.assist me?
Others How to close Recent Apps in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? How to close Recent Apps in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?
Others How to download more applications in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? How to download more applications in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?
Others My Gear S2(SM-R720)does not turn on. What’s the problem? My Gear S2(SM-R720)does not turn on. What’s the problem?
Others when connected to a mobile via bluetooth, I cannot turn on wi-fi in samsung gear s2? when connected to a mobile via bluetooth, I cannot turn on wi-fi in samsung gear s2?
Others How to customize the Notification settings in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? How to customize the Notification settings in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?
Others How to deactivate the Voice wake-up feature in the S Voice app in Gear S2? How to deactivate the Voice wake-up feature in the S Voice app in Gear S2?
Others How to enable watch Always on in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? How to enable watch Always on in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?
Others How to change the clock style in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? How to change the clock style in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?
Others when charging gear s2 using a multi-charger, it do not seem to charge normally. why? when charging gear s2 using a multi-charger, it do not seem to charge normally. why?
Others I heard that Gear S2 can be charged wirelessly using wireless charger pad. Is it true? I heard that Gear S2 can be charged wirelessly using wireless charger pad. Is it true?
Software Upgrade What is benefits of software upgrade? What is benefits of software upgrade?
Software Upgrade How to check for the latest software version? How to check for the latest software version?
Samsung Apps What are the useful Mobile Applications for Samsung Smartphones? What are the useful Mobile Applications for Samsung Smartphones?
Lock Why does the phone asks for PUK Code? Why does the phone asks for PUK Code?
Settings How to navigate and edit the notification panel on my Samsung mobile ? How to navigate and edit the notification panel on my Samsung mobile ?
Others Samsung One UI: Top features that make it new, beautiful and different Samsung One UI: Top features that make it new, beautiful and different
Others What is Samsung Recycling Program? What is Samsung Recycling Program?
Others Galaxy Note10 - Set an alarm Galaxy Note10 - Set an alarm
Others Samsung SOS - Smart Phone Emergency Message guide Samsung SOS - Smart Phone Emergency Message guide
Others What to do if my Galaxy Buds+ does not connect properly? What to do if my Galaxy Buds+ does not connect properly?
Others How can I use the Calendar app on my Samsung smartphone? How can I use the Calendar app on my Samsung smartphone?
Others How to add a Voice Recording to a Video on my Samsung phone How to add a Voice Recording to a Video on my Samsung phone
Audio What to do if you cannot hear the phone call sound well What to do if you cannot hear the phone call sound well
Others Troubleshooting a problem when using Smart View Troubleshooting a problem when using Smart View
Software Upgrade Delightful Experiences from One UI 3 with Android 11 Delightful Experiences from One UI 3 with Android 11
Others Precautions when using the Galaxy foldable devices Precautions when using the Galaxy foldable devices
Others The first ever S Pen integration on Galaxy Z Fold3 5G The first ever S Pen integration on Galaxy Z Fold3 5G
Others How to use the versatile multi window experience with Galaxy Z Fold3 5G How to use the versatile multi window experience with Galaxy Z Fold3 5G
Others Enjoy the Galaxy Z Fold3 5G camera with unique foldable experience Enjoy the Galaxy Z Fold3 5G camera with unique foldable experience
Others Use the informative Cover screen on the Galaxy Z Flip3 5G Use the informative Cover screen on the Galaxy Z Flip3 5G
Others Check out the new and enhanced features of Galaxy Z Flip3 5G Check out the new and enhanced features of Galaxy Z Flip3 5G
Others Will device NFC work if equipped with LED cover? Will device NFC work if equipped with LED cover?
Others Check the SIM card when phone calls and cellular data is not available Check the SIM card when phone calls and cellular data is not available
Battery What to do when mobile device has problem with charging, turning on, or boot loop What to do when mobile device has problem with charging, turning on, or boot loop
Battery What to do if the battery of my new phone seems to be draining faster? What to do if the battery of my new phone seems to be draining faster?
Accessory & Bluetooth How to troubleshoot when Bluetooth headset audio is unstable How to troubleshoot when Bluetooth headset audio is unstable
Settings Remove accounts from your Galaxy phone or tablet Remove accounts from your Galaxy phone or tablet
SNS Poor picture quality when sharing pictures to Instagram Poor picture quality when sharing pictures to Instagram
Settings How do I delete all of my personal information from my device? How do I delete all of my personal information from my device?
Network & WiFi What to do when calls disconnect or there’s no network signal on your Galaxy device What to do when calls disconnect or there’s no network signal on your Galaxy device
Audio What to do when there is no sound in my wired headphones What to do when there is no sound in my wired headphones
Others What to do when the keys on your Galaxy device stop working What to do when the keys on your Galaxy device stop working
Others There is a gap between the screen and frame of my device There is a gap between the screen and frame of my device
Others How to troubleshoot Camera app errors How to troubleshoot Camera app errors
Settings My device displays a water drop icon and will not charge My device displays a water drop icon and will not charge
Battery Issues with wireless charging Issues with wireless charging
Others What's new in ONE UI 4.0? What's new in ONE UI 4.0?
Samsung Apps The display isn't working properly The display isn't working properly
Backup & Restore How to troubleshoot when your device doesn't detect an SD card How to troubleshoot when your device doesn't detect an SD card
Others How to clean your Galaxy device How to clean your Galaxy device
Audio How to troubleshoot poor sound quality during a phone call How to troubleshoot poor sound quality during a phone call
Others Questions about ONE UI 4.0 Questions about ONE UI 4.0
Others How to reboot a frozen Galaxy device How to reboot a frozen Galaxy device
Others I dropped my device in water I dropped my device in water
Others How to protect your Galaxy device from malware How to protect your Galaxy device from malware
Others How to control your Samsung air conditioner using Bixby voice assistant How to control your Samsung air conditioner using Bixby voice assistant
Others What to do if your microphone or speaker is not working properly What to do if your microphone or speaker is not working properly
Others What are the features of the Samsung clock? What are the features of the Samsung clock?
Others How to make the most of Single Take with the Galaxy S22 AI Camera How to make the most of Single Take with the Galaxy S22 AI Camera
Others How to play sound in both speakers and solve mute problems How to play sound in both speakers and solve mute problems
Others How to improve the vibration of your Galaxy S22 device How to improve the vibration of your Galaxy S22 device
Others Know what the green dot at the top of your screen means Know what the green dot at the top of your screen means
Others How to make the most out of Edge Panels How to make the most out of Edge Panels
Others How to use Android Message on my Galaxy device How to use Android Message on my Galaxy device
Others How to hide the navigation bar on Galaxy devices How to hide the navigation bar on Galaxy devices
Others How to connect a Galaxy Watch to a smartphone How to connect a Galaxy Watch to a smartphone
Others How to manage calls when multiple Bluetooth devices are connected How to manage calls when multiple Bluetooth devices are connected
Others What is the foldable display and protective film on my smartphone? What is the foldable display and protective film on my smartphone?
Others How do I change the display name of my Galaxy Buds? How do I change the display name of my Galaxy Buds?
Others How can I take a screenshot on my Galaxy Watch? How can I take a screenshot on my Galaxy Watch?
Others How can I see the navigation bar on my Galaxy device? How can I see the navigation bar on my Galaxy device?
Others How can I find my watch and Buds using Galaxy Wearable? How can I find my watch and Buds using Galaxy Wearable?
Others How to solve S Pen connection issues How to solve S Pen connection issues
Others How to use Always On Display How to use Always On Display
Others How to use Samsung DeX on the Galaxy S22 How to use Samsung DeX on the Galaxy S22
Others What is Power saving mode on my Galaxy phone? What is Power saving mode on my Galaxy phone?
Others How to use Samsung Members Diagnostics How to use Samsung Members Diagnostics
Others What is the Secure Folder and how can I use it? What is the Secure Folder and how can I use it?
Others How to use the Galaxy Z Fold4 Taskbar How to use the Galaxy Z Fold4 Taskbar
Others What is the difference between Galaxy Z Fold3 and Galaxy Z Fold4? What is the difference between Galaxy Z Fold3 and Galaxy Z Fold4?
Others What is the difference between Galaxy Z Flip3 and Galaxy Z Flip4? What is the difference between Galaxy Z Flip3 and Galaxy Z Flip4?
Others What is the protective film on Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4? What is the protective film on Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4?
Others What is the Flex mode of Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4? What is the Flex mode of Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4?
Others How to use S Pen Pro on my Galaxy Z Fold4 How to use S Pen Pro on my Galaxy Z Fold4
Others How to improve the Galaxy Z Flip4 battery life How to improve the Galaxy Z Flip4 battery life
Others How to attach the protective film to the Galaxy Z Fold4 How to attach the protective film to the Galaxy Z Fold4
Hardware AMOLED और सुपर AMOLED में क्या अंतर है? AMOLED और सुपर AMOLED में क्या अंतर है?
Call & Contacts डिवाइस कॉल करने या प्राप्त करने में असमर्थ हो तो क्या करें डिवाइस कॉल करने या प्राप्त करने में असमर्थ हो तो क्या करें
Software Upgrade Difference between Samsung Android 8.0 Oreo device and 7.0 Nougat device Difference between Samsung Android 8.0 Oreo device and 7.0 Nougat device
Others Galaxy Smartphones: Smart Switch for Windows Phones Galaxy Smartphones: Smart Switch for Windows Phones
Kies Galaxy Smartphone: Smart Switch for iOS 9 or Lower Galaxy Smartphone: Smart Switch for iOS 9 or Lower
Settings How to change theme in Samsung Smartphones? How to change theme in Samsung Smartphones?
Others Samsung One UI: Ultimate Tips, Tricks and How To guide for new features Samsung One UI: Ultimate Tips, Tricks and How To guide for new features
Others How to enable Call rejection during Voice recording in Samsung Smartphones? How to enable Call rejection during Voice recording in Samsung Smartphones?
Others How to select different keyboards in Samsung smartphones? How to select different keyboards in Samsung smartphones?
Others How to set Ringtone in Samsung Smartphones? How to set Ringtone in Samsung Smartphones?
Others How to set alarm in Samsung smartphones? How to set alarm in Samsung smartphones?
Others How to create Samsung account in Tizen based smartphones? How to create Samsung account in Tizen based smartphones?
Others How to free up memory of Samsung smartphones? How to free up memory of Samsung smartphones?
Others Samsung Galaxy: How to adjust Torch brightness Samsung Galaxy: How to adjust Torch brightness
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphones: One Hand Mode Samsung Galaxy Smartphones: One Hand Mode
Accessory & Bluetooth Pairing a Bluetooth device to my Samsung Phone Pairing a Bluetooth device to my Samsung Phone
Network & WiFi How to configure mobile hotspot in Samsung smartphones? How to configure mobile hotspot in Samsung smartphones?
Camera How Flaw Detection feature works on Galaxy mobile devices How Flaw Detection feature works on Galaxy mobile devices
Lock Using Smart Lock on my Samsung phone Using Smart Lock on my Samsung phone
Others Improving the location accuracy on my Samsung Phone Improving the location accuracy on my Samsung Phone
Others Using the Gallery app on my Samsung device Using the Gallery app on my Samsung device
Samsung Apps Control Music using Bixby Voice Control Music using Bixby Voice
Samsung Apps Using Bixby Voice on my Samsung Phone Using Bixby Voice on my Samsung Phone
Samsung Apps Using Bixby Translation Using Bixby Translation
Others How to pair and switch devices connected to the Galaxy Buds+ How to pair and switch devices connected to the Galaxy Buds+
Power Charging your smartphone or tablet Charging your smartphone or tablet
Application How to manage my apps? How to manage my apps?
Camera Using Single Take on my Galaxy device Using Single Take on my Galaxy device
Others Syncing my Reminders with Microsoft on my Samsung Phone Syncing my Reminders with Microsoft on my Samsung Phone
Backup & Restore Syncing Reminders with Microsoft account Syncing Reminders with Microsoft account
Others How to use SmartThings Find on my Samsung Phone? How to use SmartThings Find on my Samsung Phone?
Others How to move from iOS phone to Samsung How to move from iOS phone to Samsung
Settings How to set a music file as a Notification Tone on my Samsung Phone How to set a music file as a Notification Tone on my Samsung Phone
Others How to manage files on your Galaxy Phone How to manage files on your Galaxy Phone
Audio Useful audio settings on the Galaxy phone including Separate app sound Useful audio settings on the Galaxy phone including Separate app sound
Others How can I use Dual audio to share media on multiple devices? How can I use Dual audio to share media on multiple devices?
Others How to use the Samsung Email app and how to open attachments on a Galaxy phone How to use the Samsung Email app and how to open attachments on a Galaxy phone
Others How to turn the Predictive text feature on and off on a Galaxy phone How to turn the Predictive text feature on and off on a Galaxy phone
Others How to check the date and time in the Samsung Gallery app How to check the date and time in the Samsung Gallery app
Others How to add apps and widgets on your Galaxy phone's home screen How to add apps and widgets on your Galaxy phone's home screen
Settings How to adjust brightness on Samsung Mobile Device? How to adjust brightness on Samsung Mobile Device?
Others Adjusting Screen Timeout on my Samsung Phone Adjusting Screen Timeout on my Samsung Phone
Audio How to troubleshoot the microphone of your Galaxy phone when it does not recognize a voice well How to troubleshoot the microphone of your Galaxy phone when it does not recognize a voice well
Backup & Restore How to Manage Photos and Videos in the Gallery App by Syncing Them with OneDrive How to Manage Photos and Videos in the Gallery App by Syncing Them with OneDrive
Others How to Make a Video Call With the Google Duo App on a Galaxy Phone How to Make a Video Call With the Google Duo App on a Galaxy Phone
Samsung Apps How to Set Up and Use the Bixby Routines Feature on Your Galaxy Phone How to Set Up and Use the Bixby Routines Feature on Your Galaxy Phone
Settings What do the Different Indicator Icons Mean on Your Galaxy Phone What do the Different Indicator Icons Mean on Your Galaxy Phone
Others Useful Features of the Samsung Keyboard on Your Galaxy Phone Useful Features of the Samsung Keyboard on Your Galaxy Phone
Samsung Apps How to Resize Photos in the Gallery App on Your Galaxy Phone How to Resize Photos in the Gallery App on Your Galaxy Phone
Hardware Make Sure the Protective Vinyl on Your New Galaxy Phone is Completely Removed Make Sure the Protective Vinyl on Your New Galaxy Phone is Completely Removed
Others Why is There a Small Noise When I Shake My Galaxy Phone? Why is There a Small Noise When I Shake My Galaxy Phone?
Accessory & Bluetooth How to fix Bluetooth connection problems with your phone or tablet How to fix Bluetooth connection problems with your phone or tablet
Lock What to do when Samsung phone is not recognizing fingerprints What to do when Samsung phone is not recognizing fingerprints
Camera Phenomena that may occur when using Note20 camera Phenomena that may occur when using Note20 camera
Others Samsung Mobile: How to use the TalkBack feature Samsung Mobile: How to use the TalkBack feature
Settings How to reduce eye strain by using Dark mode on your Galaxy phone How to reduce eye strain by using Dark mode on your Galaxy phone
Others How to protect your Galaxy phone from installing smishing, pharming, and spy apps How to protect your Galaxy phone from installing smishing, pharming, and spy apps
Others The GPS location on my smartphone is inaccurate. How do I fix it? The GPS location on my smartphone is inaccurate. How do I fix it?
Lock My Samsung smartphone is not recognizing fingerprints. How do I fix it? My Samsung smartphone is not recognizing fingerprints. How do I fix it?
Application गूगल प्लेस्टोर से एप्लिकेशन डाउनलोड करने में असमर्थ हैं? गूगल प्लेस्टोर से एप्लिकेशन डाउनलोड करने में असमर्थ हैं?
Lock How to set up and use Samsung Pass on your Galaxy phone How to set up and use Samsung Pass on your Galaxy phone
Others How to use the Do not disturb mode on your Galaxy phone How to use the Do not disturb mode on your Galaxy phone
Others How to update Play Store and Galaxy Store apps on your Galaxy phone How to update Play Store and Galaxy Store apps on your Galaxy phone
Call & Contacts How to make calls and send messages on other Galaxy devices How to make calls and send messages on other Galaxy devices
Others How to set the Weather widget location on your Galaxy phone How to set the Weather widget location on your Galaxy phone
Others Is the Gear S2 water and dust resistant? Is the Gear S2 water and dust resistant?
Others How to charge Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge wirelessly How to charge Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge wirelessly
Others How to use S6 Edge feature, Edge Screen of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge How to use S6 Edge feature, Edge Screen of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
Others How to use Fingerprint feature of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge How to use Fingerprint feature of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
Backup & Restore How can I backup data on my Galaxy device automatically? How can I backup data on my Galaxy device automatically?
Backup & Restore Samsung Cloud: Data Backup and Restore Samsung Cloud: Data Backup and Restore
Others How to connect your Galaxy smartphone to a car using Android Auto How to connect your Galaxy smartphone to a car using Android Auto
Multimedia How to control media and devices on your Galaxy smartphone How to control media and devices on your Galaxy smartphone
{{filterInfo.title}}
{{contentInfo.symptomName}} {{contentInfo.title}} {{contentInfo.content}}
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Face-to-face support
Digital Service Center
WhatsApp(English / हिंदी)
Request Callback Service
24 Hours Phone Support (India)
Face-to-Face Support
Phone Support (Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal)
Apps & Services Customer Support