Protect your Galaxy device with the Auto Blocker feature
Safety precautions when using a Galaxy device
How to find and remove duplicate files on your Galaxy device
How to automatically optimise your Galaxy device
Additional Information
Support Alert Battery Lifetime Test Procedure Jan 20, 2025
Support News Samsung Galaxy Ring materials and wearing precautions Oct 18, 2024
Support News How One UI 6.0 displays internal storage capacity Nov 27, 2023
support product detail
Accessory & Bluetooth
Software Upgrade How to update the software on your Galaxy Smartphone update samsung smartphone, update samsung phone, samsung mobile update, samsung update phone, samsung update mobile, how to update Samsung phone, how to update Samsung mobile, how to update galaxy mobile, update Samsung phone software, update software galaxy phone, steps to update Samsung phone, process to update Samsung mobile, How to update software of samsung Galaxy S22 smartphone, How to update software of samsung Galaxy S23 smartphone, How to update software of samsung Galaxy Fold5, How to update software of samsung Galaxy Flip5, How to upgrade android & One UI version of your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone, How to update software of samsung Galaxy S24 smartphone
Network & WiFi Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How to optimise network connectivity Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How to optimise network connectivity
Others How to check battery percentage in Samsung galaxy smartphones Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How to check the battery percentage
Others How to ensure seamless performance of your Samsung galaxy smartphone How to ensure seamless performance of your Samsung galaxy smartphone. Prevent Hanging, Freezing
Others Samsung Customer Support on your fingertips how take samsung customer service, how to check part price , how to diagnos phone, how to find service center near me, how to check phone sevice center, how to check warranty, samsung repair, samsung installation
Others How to take screenshots using the edge panel of your Samsung smartphone How to take screenshots, How to take screenshots using the edge panel, what is screenshot, How to take screenshots using the edge panel of your Samsung smartphone, steps to take screenshots
Others How to access Samsung Digital Service Center DIY for how to use samsung digital service center, get customize support in samsung service center with Samsung support.
Battery How to resolve slow charging issue in your Galaxy Smartphone HTV for Mobile Devices. Find more about how to resolve slow charging issue in your galaxy smartphone with Samsung support.
Call & Contacts How to enable Voice Focus on your Galaxy smartphone HTV to know more about how to enable voice focus on your galaxy smartphone with Samsung Support.
Others What to do if your Samsung Smartphone shows a moisture detection warning DIY for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'what to do if your samsung smartphone shows a moisture detection warning' with Samsung Support.
Settings Why the Calls are not getting connected? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'Why the Calls are not getting connected?' with Samsung Support.
Audio What is scalable codec? ,
Others How to clean my Galaxy phone? Guideline to properly clean and maintain your Galaxy phone.
Settings Change the Ringtone on a Samsung Phone FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about 'Change the Ringtone on a Samsung Phone' with Samsung Support.
Others How to use the Voice Recorder app on my Samsung Phone FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to use the Voice Recorder app on my Samsung Phone' with Samsung Support.
Others How to add a Voice Recording to a Video on my Samsung phone "FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about 'How to add a Voice Recording to a Video on my Samsung phone' with Samsung Support. "
Others How to prevent the overheating of your Galaxy device FAQ for Samsung mobile. Find more about How to prevent the overheating of your Galaxy device with Samsung Support.
Others How to troubleshoot software update issues FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to troubleshoot software update issues with Samsung Support.
Network & WiFi How to troubleshoot Mobile data issues FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find out more about how to troubleshoot Mobile data issues with Samsung Support.
Samsung Apps The display isn't working properly FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about what to do if the display isn't working properly with Samsung Support.
Battery Issues with wired charging FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about issues with wired charging with Samsung Support.
Others What to do if your Touch Screen is not working properly FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What to do if your Touch Screen is not working properly with Samsung Support.
Others How to connect a Galaxy Watch to a smartphone FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to connect a Galaxy Watch to a smartphone with Samsung Support.
Others What is the Secure Folder and how can I use it? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What is the Secure Folder and how can I use it with Samsung Support.
Others How to add or remove watermark from your photos FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to use your Galaxy camera to add and edit a watermark for your photos with Samsung Support.
Others How to transfer data from an iPhone or iPad to a new Galaxy device with Smart Switch FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to transfer data from an iPhone or iPad to a new Galaxy deice with Smart Switch.
Others How to transfer data using Smart Switch FAQs for the data transfer
Others Samsung गैलेक्सी डिवाइस कैसे रीसेट करें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'how to reset samsung phone, reset network settings, how to do factory reset, reset accessibility settings' with Samsung Support.
Software Upgrade सॉफ्टवेयर अपडेट समस्याओं का निवारण कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'software update of samsung phone, how to upgrade mobile software , samsung mobile software' with Samsung Support.
Battery अपने गैलेक्सी फोन को तेजी से कैसे चार्ज करें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'how to fast charge your galaxy phone in hindi' with Samsung Support.
Settings Samsung मोबाइल फोन: आईएमईआई, मॉडल कोड और सीरियल नंबर किधर देखे? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'where can i check imei model code serial number in hindi' with Samsung Support.
Lock What is Extend Unlock feature and how do I set it on FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'What is Extend Unlock feature and how do I set it on' with Samsung Support.
Others Where can I check IMEI, Model Code & Serial Number in Samsung mobile FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'where can i check imei model code serial number in samsung mobile' with Samsung Support.
Lock SmartThings Find: Use to locate, lock or wipe Samsung device FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'SmartThings Find Use to locate, lock or wipe Samsung device' with Samsung Support.
Others How to take a screenshot on your galaxy smartphone using Bixby voice command? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about how to take a screenshot on your galaxy smartphone using bixby voice command with Samsung Support.
Others How to change the background of video calls FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about how to change the background of video calls with Samsung Support.
Battery ‘Protect battery’ feature in Samsung Galaxy phones FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'Battery protection feature in samsung galaxy phones' with Samsung Support.
Settings How to enable & customise the Samsung Keyboard toolbar FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'How to enable & customise the Samsung Keyboard toolbar' with Samsung Support.
Samsung Apps Use the Samsung Find app to share your location with your friends, child, family, and other contacts Learn how to use the Samsung Find app to share your location with friends, family, and other contacts.
Samsung Apps Use the Samsung Find app to locate a lost device Learn how to use the Samsung Find app to locate lost devices and track Samsung SmartTags.
Samsung Apps Features of the Samsung Find app Discover the various features of the Samsung Find app.
Others How to use Music Share in Samsung Galaxy devices FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about how to use music share in samsung galaxy devices with Samsung Support.
Settings How to create a shared calendar in Samsung Galaxy devices FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to create a shared calendar in samsung galaxy devices' with Samsung support.
Others Galaxy स्मार्टफोन पर रीमास्टर पिक्चर फीचर का उपयोग कैसे करें FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about "how to use remaster feature in samsung devices hindi" with Samsung Support.
Camera Instant slow-mo feature in Galaxy devices FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'instant slow-mo feature in galaxy devices' with Samsung Support.
Others Changes to the Home screen on the Samsung Galaxy S25 Explore the Samsung Galaxy S25 with improved Home Screen layouts, landscape mode, widget labels, enlarged folders, and enhanced customisation for Galaxy devices.
Others How to use the Members app member, Samsung members, samsung Member application, Samsung Member app
Backup & Restore Galaxy Smartphones: Back Up the Gallery app to Samsung Cloud HTG for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'Galaxy Smartphones: Back Up the Gallery app to Samsung Cloud' with Samsung Support.
Others How to register your Samsung product? HTG for Samsung Product Registration. Find more about 'How to register your Samsung product?' with Samsung Support.
Settings How to enable download manager application in Samsung smartphones? HTG for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to enable download manager application in Samsung smartphones?' with Samsung Support.
Others Samsung Smartphones: How to customize apps icon size? HTG for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'Samsung Smartphones: How to customize apps icon layout and grid size?' with Samsung Support.
Call & Contacts How to enable call waiting in samsung smartphones? HTG for Samsung mobiles. Find more about 'How to enable call waiting in samsung smartphones?' with Samsung Support.
Application Using the Radio app on my Samsung phone .
Others Using 'Call and Text On Other Devices' feature in Galaxy devices .
Audio How to adjust Samsung phone volume adjust the samsung phone sound, adjust the samsung phone volume, ringtone sound, notification sound, media sound
Hardware OTG (On The Go) cable and its connectivity issue FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'otg, on the go, pen drive' with Samsung Support.
Audio Can't hear calls on Samsung Mobile ,
Power Samsung mobile is not turning on ,
Others Improving the location accuracy on Samsung phones FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "improving the location accuracy on my samsung phone" with Samsung support.
Lock Customising my Lock Screen on my Samsung Phone ,
Others Using the Gallery app on my Samsung device FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'using the gallery app on my samsung device' with Samsung support.
Samsung Apps Using Bixby Voice on Samsung phones ,
Power How to fast charge your Galaxy phone FAQ for Samsung television. Find more about 'How to fast charge on your Galaxy phone' with Samsung Support.
Power How to charge your Galaxy smartphone or tablet FAQ for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'Charging your smartphone or tablet' with Samsung Support.
Battery How can I optimise and extend the battery life on my Samsung Galaxy smartphone? ,
Others How to block accidental touches on your Galaxy smartphone FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about 'How to block accidental touches on your Galaxy smartphone' with Samsung Support.
Settings How to set a music file as a Notification Tone on my Samsung Phone FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to set a music file as a Message notification on my Samsung Phone' with Samsung Support.
Multimedia How to transfer media files to a USB on a Samsung phone FAQ for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'How to Transfer Media Files to a USB on a Samsung Phone' with Samsung Support.
Others How can I use Dual audio to share media on multiple devices? FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how can I use Dual audio using control media and devices with Samsung Support
Others How to Turn on/off Screen rotation in Samsung smartphones? Depending on the viewing angle you want to use, your Galaxy phone or tablet can be adjusted to Auto rotate, Portrait, or Landscape mode. If your screen doesn’t Auto rotate or if the screen won't stop rotating, changing your settings can fix the problem.
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphone - Change the Display Settings Samsung Galaxy Smartphone - Change the Display Settings
Kies How to Transfer and Backup Data Using Smart Switch on a Galaxy Phone How to Transfer and Backup Data Using Smart Switch on a Galaxy Phone
Settings What do the different indicator icons mean on your Galaxy phone What the Different Indicator Icons Mean on Your Galaxy Phone
Others Useful features of the Samsung Keyboard on your Galaxy phone Useful Features of the Samsung Keyboard on Your Galaxy Phone
Samsung Apps How to resize Photos in the Gallery app on Your Galaxy phone How to Resize Photos in the Gallery App on Your Galaxy Phone
Power How to set up fast charging on your Galaxy device Learn how to enable Fast charging on your Galaxy device and speed up the charging process.
Others How to get a Samsung account and the advantages of having it How to get a Samsung account and the advantages of having it
Others How can I recover deleted photo in Galaxy devices Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How can I recover deleted photo?
How to insert and remove SIM card on Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge How to Video for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to insert and remove SIM card on Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge' with Samsung Support.
Others How to insert and remove SIM card on Samsung Galaxy A Series How to Video for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to insert and remove SIM card on Samsung Galaxy A Series' with Samsung Support.
Others How to use the Smart Manager application of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge How to Video for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to use the Smart Manager application of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge' with Samsung Support.
Others How-to: Setup Find My Mobile on your Galaxy find my mobile, mobile theft, samsung dive, track mobile, find mobile, recover mobile, recover phone, find phone, track phone, phone tracking
Others Samsung Galaxy J2: How to customize Font Style? Samsung Galaxy J2. Find more about 'Samsung Galaxy J2: How to customize Font Style?' with Samsung Support.
Power [Hands-On] The Galaxy S10’s Advanced Charging Technologies Advanced Charging, powershare, s10,s10e,s10+
Camera Galaxy S10: How to shoot Super steady videos? How to Video for Samsung S10. Find more about 'Galaxy S10: How to shoot Super steady videos?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to optimize charging of your Galaxy smartphone How to optimize charging of your Galaxy smartphone
Settings What is this Proximity Sensor Proximity Sensor
Settings How does the proximity sensor works? proximity sensor, sensor
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphone - How to optimize your smartphone’s performance and avoid heating Samsung Galaxy Smartphone - How to optimize your smartphone’s performance and avoid heating
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphone | How to connect and update Galaxy Buds+ Samsung Galaxy Smartphone | How to connect and update Galaxy Buds+
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphone | How to use the Music Share feature Samsung Galaxy Smartphone | How to use the Music Share feature
Lock Samsung Pass - How to configure and protect your login information Samsung Pass - How to configure and protect your login information
Samsung Apps Samsung Secure Folder - How to keep your documents secure Samsung Secure Folder - How to keep your documents secure
Camera Samsung Galaxy S21 | How to use the Single Take feature Samsung Galaxy S21 | How to use the Single Take feature
Power Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How to ensure optimum charging Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How to ensure optimum charging
Others How to ensure that the Google Play Store app runs smoothly Samsung Galaxy Smartphone: How to ensure that the Google Play Store app runs smoothly
Others How to enable or disable the call waiting feature in your Samsung Smartphone How to enable or disable the call waiting feature in your Samsung Smartphone
Call & Contacts How to enable/disable the ‘call forwarding’ feature in your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone How to enable/disable the ‘call forwarding’ feature in your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone
Call & Contacts How to view call logs on your Galaxy smartphone | Samsung How to view call logs on your Galaxy smartphone | Samsung
Others How to use Samsung Remote Support How to use Samsung Remote Support
Others Unique camera experiences with Flex mode on Galaxy Z Flip3 Unique camera experiences with Flex mode on Galaxy Z Flip3
Others How to set a custom ringtone for a contact on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to set a custom ringtone for a contact on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Power How to force reboot your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to force reboot your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Software Upgrade How to check for and schedule software updates on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to check for and schedule software updates on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Others How to use the ‘Battery and device care’ feature of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to use the ‘Battery and device care’ feature of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Call & Contacts How to view, edit and save contacts on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to view, edit and save contacts on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Call & Contacts How to import and export contacts on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to import and export contacts on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Others How to use custom flash notifications on your samsung smartphone custom flash, Flash notification, get notified via flash light, Selected app notification setting, Flash light notification steps, Camera flash notification, Enable flash notification
Others How to enable and disable app notifications on your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone Enable and disable app notifications, Enable app notifications, Disable app notifications, App notification
Others How to create backup and restore contacts on your Samsung Galaxy_smartphone How to create backup and restore contacts on your Samsung Galaxy_smartphone, how to create backup, how to restore my contacts, how to get my lost contacts
Others How to get complete diagnostic support for your smartphone on the Samsung Members app How to get complete diagnostic support, how to do diagnos in samsung Members app,
Others How to customise the app aspect ratio on your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G how to customise aspect ratio samsung galaxy z fold3 5g, change in aspect ratio in samsung z fold3 5g, steps to change aspect ratio
Others How to use the ‘screen recording’ feature on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to use the ‘screen recording’ feature on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone, steps for screen recording, how to do screen recording in phone, screen recording in samsung phone, what are the features of samsung galaxy phone
Others How to enable ‘Dolby Atmos’ sound on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to enable Dolby Atmos sound in samsung smartphone, steps to turn on doblby atmos sound in samsung smartphone , Dolby atmos feature in samsung smartphone, Dolby atmos in smartphone
Others How to enable the ‘eye comfort shield’ on your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone how to enable the eye comfort shield, how to turn on eye comfort shield, steps to on eye comfort shield, eye comfort shield in phone
Others How to set a picture or video as the ‘call background’ on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to set a picture as the call background on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone, How to set a video as the call background on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone
Others How to pin apps to the home screen of your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G How to pin apps to the home screen of your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G, way to pin apps, how to set pin apps
Others How to hide/show the navigation bar on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone How to hide the navigation bar, How to show the navigation bar, navigation bar on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone, what is navigation bar,
Others How to take screenshots using the side keys of your Samsung smartphone How to take screenshots, How to take screenshots using the side keys, what is screenshot, How to take screenshots using the side keys of your Samsung smartphone, steps to take screenshots
Others How to take screenshots with a ‘palm swipe’ on your Samsung smartphone How to take screenshots, How to take screenshots using palm swipe, what is screenshot, How to take screenshots using the palm swipe of your Samsung smartphone, steps to take screenshots
Others How to enable the ‘multi window’ feature on your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G smartphone Enable the ‘multi window’ feature on your Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G smartphone
Others How to optimize network connectivity FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to optimize network connectivity with Samsung Support.
Call & Contacts how to customize the incoming call display of your samsung galaxy smartphone? FAQs to know about how to customize the incoming call display of your samsung galaxy smartphone
Others How to change the theme of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone? FAQ to know about how to change the theme of your samsung galaxy smartphone
Settings How to use the ‘RAM Plus’ feature of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone? DIY video to know about how to use the ram plus feature of your samsung galaxy smartphone
Settings How to enable ‘Air actions’ on your Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra? DIY video to know about how to enable ‘Air actions’ on your Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra
Others How to use the ‘Private Share’ feature of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone? DIY video to know about how to use the private share feature
Samsung Apps How to set up Secure Folder on your galaxy smartphone How to set up Secure Folder on your Galaxy smartphone, How do I create a Secure Folder on my Samsung Galaxy?, How do I automatically lock a Secure Folder on my Samsung?, How to set up Secure Folder, How to set up a secure folder on a Samsung phone, How to enable Secure Folder on samsung phone, How to Use Samsung Secure Folder on samsung phone, How to Create a Secure Folder on Your Phone, How to set up Secure Folder on your Galaxy S22, How to set up Secure Folder on your Galaxy S23, How to use Secure Folder on your Galaxy Fold 5, How do I create a Secure Folder on my Samsung Galaxy Flip5
Message How to restore deleted messages on your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone DIY video to know about How to restore deleted messages on your Samsung Galaxy Smartphone
Others How to connect your galaxy watch to a new phone DIY video to know How to connect your galaxy watch to a new phone with Samsung support.
Others Tips to ensure the internet works smoothly on your Galaxy Smartphone DIY video to know tips to ensure the internet works smoothly on your galaxy smartphone with samsung support.
Others E-Waste | Care for Clean India FAQ for e-waste care for clean india with Samsung Support.
Backup & Restore How to use Samsung Smart Switch to transfer your smartphone’s data DIY for Mobile Devices. Find more about how to use samsung smart switch to transfer your smartphones data with Samsung support.
Others How to use ‘Text call’ on your Samsung Galaxy S24 HTV for Samsung Mobile devices. Find more about 'How to use ‘Text call’ on your Samsung Galaxy S24' with Samsung Support.
Application Google Play Store एप गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफोन पर सुचारू रूप से चले HTV for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to ensure that the google play store app runs smoothly on your galaxy smartphone hindi' with Samsung support.
Settings How to check the Android version of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone HTV for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'How to check the Android version of your Samsung Galaxy smartphone' with Samsung support.
[Remote Support] How to use Samsung Smart Tutor App in Galaxy devices? How to Video for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about '[Remote Support] How to use Samsung Smart Tutor App in Galaxy devices?' with Samsung Support.
Network & WiFi How to Connect your Galaxy Device with other Bluetooth Devices? How to Video for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to Connect your Galaxy Device with other Bluetooth Devices?' with Samsung Support.
Network & WiFi How to connect your Galaxy Device to a WiFi Network? How to Video for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to connect your Galaxy Device to a WiFi Network?' with Samsung Support.
Application What is Quick Connect in Samsung Galaxy S5(SM-G900H)? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'What is Quick Connect in Samsung Galaxy S5(SM-G900H)?' with Samsung Support.
Others What are the important reasons to Recycle Samsung products? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'What are the important reasons to Recycle Samsung products?' with Samsung Support.
Others What is the Process to Drop-off my E-waste(Old) product? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'What is the Process to Drop-off my E-waste(Old) product?' with Samsung Support.
Settings How to restart the device when freezed or hanged FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to restart the device when freezed or hanged' with Samsung Support.
Others How to deactivate the Voice wake-up feature in S Voice app in Gear S2 Classic? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to deactivate the Voice wake-up feature in S Voice app in Gear S2 Classic?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to close Recent Apps in Samsung Gear S2 Classic(SM-R732)? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to close Recent Apps in Samsung Gear S2 Classic(SM-R732)?' with Samsung Support.
Application How to connect the Gear S2(SM-R720) to a mobile device? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to connect the Gear S2(SM-R720) to a mobile device?' with Samsung Support.
Application What are the Key options of Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'What are the Key options of Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to replace the strap of Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to replace the strap of Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to wear Samsung Gear S2? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to wear Samsung Gear S2?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to check the Charging status on wireless charger dock of Samsung Gear S2? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to check the Charging status on wireless charger dock of Samsung Gear S2?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to charge the battery of Samsung Gear S2? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to charge the battery of Samsung Gear S2?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to safely charge the battery of Samsung Gear S2? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to safely charge the battery of Samsung Gear S2?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to connect the Gear S2 Classic(SM-R732)to a mobile device? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to connect the Gear S2 Classic(SM-R732)to a mobile device?' with Samsung Support.
Others Is there any possible hazard caused by electromagnetic waves comes from Gear S2? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'Is there any possible hazard caused by electromagnetic waves comes from Gear S2?' with Samsung Support.
Others Is the Gear S2 water and dust resistant? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'Is the Gear S2 water and dust resistant?' with Samsung Support.
Others while charging, the surface of my gear s2 may appear warmer than usual.assist me? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'while charging, the surface of my gear s2 may appear warmer than usual.assist me?' with Samsung Support.
How to close Recent Apps in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to close Recent Apps in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to download more applications in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to download more applications in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?' with Samsung Support.
Others My Gear S2(SM-R720)does not turn on. What’s the problem? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'My Gear S2(SM-R720)does not turn on. What’s the problem?' with Samsung Support.
Others when connected to a mobile via bluetooth, I cannot turn on wi-fi in samsung gear s2? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'when connected to a mobile via bluetooth, I cannot turn on wi-fi in samsung gear s2?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to customize the Notification settings in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to customize the Notification settings in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to deactivate the Voice wake-up feature in the S Voice app in Gear S2? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to deactivate the Voice wake-up feature in the S Voice app in Gear S2?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to enable watch Always on in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to enable watch Always on in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to change the clock style in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to change the clock style in Samsung Gear S2(SM-R720)?' with Samsung Support.
Others when charging gear s2 using a multi-charger, it do not seem to charge normally. why? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'when charging gear s2 using a multi-charger, it do not seem to charge normally. why?' with Samsung Support.
Others I heard that Gear S2 can be charged wirelessly using wireless charger pad. Is it true? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'I heard that Gear S2 can be charged wirelessly using wireless charger pad. Is it true?' with Samsung Support.
Software Upgrade What is benefits of software upgrade? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'What is benefits of software upgrade?' with Samsung Support.
Software Upgrade How to check for the latest software version? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to check for the latest software version?' with Samsung Support.
Why does the phone asks for PUK Code? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'Why does the phone asks for PUK Code?' with Samsung Support.
Settings How to navigate and edit the notification panel on my Samsung mobile FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about 'How to navigate and edit the notification panel on my Samsung mobile ?' with Samsung Support.
Others Samsung One UI: Top features that make it new, beautiful and different FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about 'Samsung One UI: Top features that make it new, beautiful and different' with Samsung Support.
Others What is Samsung Recycling Program? FAQ for Samsung Recycling. Find more about 'What is Samsung Recycling Program?' with Samsung Support.
Others Galaxy Note10 - Set an alarm ,
Others Samsung SOS - Smart Phone Emergency Message guide ,
Others What to do if my Galaxy Buds+ does not connect properly? "FAQ for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'What to do if my Galaxy Buds+ does not connect properly?' with Samsung Support."
Application Unable to download application from Google Playstore FAQ for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'Unable to download application from Google Playstore' with Samsung Support.
Others How can I use the Calendar app on my Samsung smartphone? FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about 'How can I use the Calendar app on my Samsung smartphone' with Samsung Support.
Audio What to do if you cannot hear the phone call sound well What to do if you cannot hear the phone call sound well
Others Troubleshooting a problem when using Smart View Troubleshooting a problem when using Smart View
Software Upgrade Delightful Experiences from One UI 3 with Android 11 FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about Delightful Experiences from One UI 3 with Android 11 with Samsung Support.
Others Precautions when using the Galaxy foldable devices FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about precautions when using the Galaxy foldable devices with Samsung Support.
Others The first ever S Pen integration on Galaxy Z Fold3 5G FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about the first ever S Pen integration on Galaxy Z Fold3 5G with Samsung Support.
Others How to use the versatile multi window experience with Galaxy Z Fold3 5G FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to use the versatile multi window experience with Galaxy Z Fold3 5G with Samsung Support.
Others Enjoy the Galaxy Z Fold3 5G camera with unique foldable experience FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about enjoy the Galaxy Z Fold3 5G camera with unique foldable experience with Samsung Support.
Others Use the informative Cover screen on the Galaxy Z Flip3 5G FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about use the informative Cover screen on the Galaxy Z Flip3 5G with Samsung Support.
Others Check out the new and enhanced features of Galaxy Z Flip3 5G FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about the new and enhanced features of Galaxy Z Flip3 5G with Samsung Support.
Others Will device NFC work if equipped with LED cover? FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about Will device NFC work if equipped with LED cover with Samsung Support.
Others Check the SIM card when phone calls and cellular data is not available FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to check the SIM card when phone call and cellular data is not available with Samsung Support.
Battery What to do if your Samsung Galaxy device is not charging FAQ for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'What to do when mobile device has problem with charging, turning on, or boot loop' with Samsung Support.
Power What to do if the battery of new Galaxy phone seems to be draining faster? FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about what to do if the battery of my new phone seems to be draining faster with Samsung Support.
Accessory & Bluetooth How to troubleshoot when Bluetooth headset audio is unstable FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to troubleshoot when bluetooth headset audio is unstable with Samsung Support.
Settings Remove accounts from your Galaxy phone or tablet FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about remove accounts from your Galaxy phone or tablet with Samsung Support.
SNS Poor picture quality when sharing pictures to Instagram FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about poor picture quality when sharing pictures to instagram with Samsung Support.
Settings How do I delete all of my personal information from my device? FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how do i delete all of my personal information from my device with Samsung Support.
Call & Contacts What to do when your Galaxy device is unable to make or receive calls FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about what to do when your galaxy device is unable to make or receive calls with Samsung Support.
Network & WiFi What to do when calls disconnect or there’s no network signal on your Galaxy device FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about what to do when calls disconnect or there’s no network signal on your Galaxy device with Samsung Support.
Audio What to do when there is no sound in my wired headphones FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about what to do when there is no sound in my wired headphones with Samsung Support.
Others What to do when the keys on your Galaxy device stop working FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about what to do when the keys on your Galaxy device stop working with Samsung Support.
Others There is a gap between the screen and frame of my device FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about the gap between the screen and frame of your device with Samsung Support.
Settings My device displays a water drop icon and will not charge FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about my device displays a water drop icon and will not charge with Samsung Support.
Battery Issues with wireless charging FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about issues with wireless charging with Samsung Support
Others What's new in ONE UI 4.0? FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about what’s new in ONE UI 4.0 with Samsung Support.
Backup & Restore How to troubleshoot when your device doesn't detect an SD card FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find out more about how to troubleshoot when your device doesn’t detect an SD card
Others How to clean your Galaxy device FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find out more about how to clean your Galaxy device with Samsung Support.
Audio How to troubleshoot poor sound quality during a phone call FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find out more about how to troubleshoot poor sound quality during a phone call with Samsung Support.
Others Questions about ONE UI 4.0 FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more questions about ONE UI 4.0 with Samsung Support.
Others How to reboot a frozen Galaxy devices FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to reboot a frozen Galaxy device with Samsung Support.
Others I dropped my device in water FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about what to do if you drop your device in water with Samsung Support.
Others How to protect your Galaxy device from malware FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to protect your Galaxy device from malware with Samsung Support.
Others My device is shattered and there is a crack on my screen FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about what to do if your device is shattered or there is a crack on your screen with Samsung Support.
Others How to control your Samsung air conditioner using Bixby voice assistant how to control samsung air conditioner, how to control samsung air conditioner by bixby, way to increase cooling in samsung ac using bixby, samsung ac and bixby features, samsung ac features, samsung ac temperare control, how to turn on samsung ac using bixby, how to turn off ac using bixby
Others What to do if your microphone or speaker is not working properly FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What to do if your microphone or speaker is not working properly with Samsung Support.
Others What are the features of the Samsung clock? FAQ for Mobile & Devices. Find more about What are the features of the Samsung clock with Samsung Support.
Others How to make the most of Single Take with the Galaxy S22 AI Camera FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to make the most of Single Take with the Galaxy S22 AI Camera with Samsung Support.
Others How to play sound in both speakers and solve mute problems FAQ for Mobile & Devices. Find more about How to play sound in both speakers and solve mute problems with Samsung Support.
Others How to improve the vibration of your Galaxy S22 device FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to improve the vibration of your Galaxy S22 device with Samsung Support.
Others Know what the green dot at the top of your screen means FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find out Know what the green dot at the top of your screen means with Samsung Support.
Others How to make the most out of Edge Panels FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to make the most out of Edge panels with Samsung Support.
Others How to use Android Message on my Galaxy device FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to use Android Message on my Galaxy device with Samsung Support.
Others How to hide the navigation bar on Galaxy devices FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to hide the navigation bar on Galaxy devices with Samsung Support.
Others How to connect Galaxy Buds to other devices Learn how to pair your Galaxy Buds with other devices.
Others How to manage calls when multiple Bluetooth devices are connected FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to manage calls when multiple Bluetooth devices are connected with Samsung Support.
Others What is the foldable display and protective film on my smartphone? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What is the foldable display and protective film on my smartphone with Samsung Support.
Others What is the Galaxy Buds 360 audio feature? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What is the Galaxy Buds 360 audio feature with Samsung Support.
Others How do I change the display name of my Galaxy Buds? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How do I change the display name of my Galaxy Buds with Samsung Support.
Others How can I take a screenshot on my Galaxy Watch? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How can I take a screenshot on my Galaxy Watch with Samsung Support.
Others How do I update my Galaxy Buds software? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How do I update my Galaxy Buds software with Samsung Support.
Others How can I see the navigation bar on Galaxy devices? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How can I see the navigation bar on my Galaxy device with Samsung Support.
Others How can I find my watch and Buds using Galaxy Wearable? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How can I find my watch and Buds using Galaxy Wearable with Samsung support.
Others How to use Always On Display FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to use Always On Display with Samsung Support.
Others How to use Samsung DeX on the Galaxy S22 FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to use Samsung DeX on the Galaxy S22 with Samsung Support.
Others What is Power saving mode on my Galaxy phone? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What is Power saving mode on my Galaxy phone with Samsung Support.
Others How to use Samsung Members Diagnostics FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to use Samsung Members Diagnostics with Samsung Support.
Others How to use Scroll Capture on a Galaxy smartphone FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to use Scroll Capture on a Galaxy smartphone with Samsung Support.
Others अपने Samsung उत्पाद को कैसे पंजीकृत करें अपने सैमसंग उत्पाद को कैसे पंजीकृत करें?
Battery सैमसंग स्मार्टफोन की बैटरी लाइफ को कैसे अनुकूलित और बढ़ा सकता हूं? सैमसंग स्मार्टफोन की बैटरी लाइफ को कैसे अनुकूलित और बढ़ा सकता हूं?
Application रीसायकल बिन से डाटा कैसे रिस्टोर करें? रीसायकल बिन से डाटा कैसे रिस्टोर करें?
Others How to use the Galaxy Z Fold4 Taskbar FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to use the Galaxy Z Fold4 Taskbar with Samsung Support.
Others What is the difference between Galaxy Z Fold3 and Galaxy Z Fold4? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What is the difference between Galaxy Z Fold3 and Galaxy Z Fold4 with Samsung Support.
Others What is the difference between Galaxy Z Flip3 and Galaxy Z Flip4? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What is the difference between Galaxy Z Flip3 and Galaxy Z Flip4 with Samsung Support.
Others What is the protective film on Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What is the protective film on Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4 with Samsung Support.
Others What is the Flex mode of Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What is the Flex mode of Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4 with Samsung Support.
Others How to use S Pen Pro on my Galaxy Z Fold4 FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to use S Pen Pro on my Galaxy Z Fold4 with Samsung Support.
Others How to improve the Galaxy Z Flip4 battery life FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to improve the Galaxy Z Flip4 battery life with Samsung Support.
Others How to attach the protective film to the Galaxy Z Fold4 FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to attach the protective film to the Galaxy Z Fold4 with Samsung Support.
Others What is the fast-charging feature for the Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about What is the fast-charging feature for the Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4 with Samsung Support.
Hardware AMOLED और सुपर AMOLED में क्या अंतर है? AMOLED और सुपर AMOLED में क्या अंतर है?
Settings फाइंड माई मोबाइल: गैलेक्सी डिवाइस का पता लगाने के लिए उपयोग करें? फाइंड माई मोबाइल: गैलेक्सी डिवाइस का पता लगाने के लिए उपयोग करें?
Call & Contacts डिवाइस कॉल करने या प्राप्त करने में असमर्थ हो तो क्या करें डिवाइस कॉल करने या प्राप्त करने में असमर्थ हो तो क्या करें
Others Safety precautions when using a Galaxy device FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about Safety precautions when using a Galaxy device with Samsung Support.
Others How to automatically refresh the Samsung Galaxy weather widget through movement FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to automatically refresh the Samsung Galaxy weather widget through movement with Samsung Support.
Others How to change the language settings of each app in your Galaxy device FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to change the language settings of each app in your Galaxy device with Samsung Support.
Others How to connect your Galaxy device to other devices using Connected Devices FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to connect your Galaxy device to other devices using Connected Devices with Samsung Support.
Others How to select and view only the albums you want to see in Galaxy gallery FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to select and view only the albums you want to see in Galaxy gallery with Samsung Support.
Others Galaxy Phone Water Resistance FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about Galaxy phone water resistance with Samsung Support.
Others Why touching the screen might not work properly FAQs for the screen touch
Settings How to find and remove duplicate files on your Galaxy device FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to find and remove duplicate files on your Galaxy device with Samsung Support.
Others How to use Samsung Video editor FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to use Samsung Video editor with Samsung Support.
Others How to capture an image from a video frame FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to capture an image from a video frame with Samsung Support.
Settings How to solve screenshot errors on devices with Android 13 OS FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find out How to solve screenshot errors on devices with Android 13 OS with Samsung Support.
Others How to record, edit and share videos in 8K with your Galaxy device FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about How to record, edit and share videos in 8K with your Galaxy device with Samsung Support.
Network & WiFi Network carriers that support 5G for Samsung Galaxy devices With the power of 5G, enjoy lightning-fast speeds, reduced latency, and seamless connectivity. Discover if your area is covered by a 5G network.
Others Use two hands with your Samsung Galaxy devices for maximum productivity Using two hands to navigate your Galaxy devices will increase your productivity throughout the day.
Troubleshoot NFC issues on Galaxy devices NFC technology enables faster and more convenient in-person payments on Samsung Galaxy devices. If you encounter any issues with its functionality, there are steps you can take to troubleshoot the problem.
Network & WiFi How to run eSIM self-diagnostics for the Galaxy Watch series If you're having trouble with the eSIM on your Galaxy watch, there are several possible solutions you can try at home.
Call & Contacts नंबर्स को कैसे ब्लॉक और अनब्लॉक करे FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'नंबर्स को कैसे ब्लॉक और अनब्लॉक करे, block and unblock numbers in samsung phones, block and un block number' with Samsung Support.
Others Navigate your Galaxy phone and Galaxy tablet using Multi Control Multi control lets you connect your Galaxy tablet to your Galaxy phone for convenient multitasking capabilities!
Hardware Frequently asked questions regarding the Galaxy Z Flip5 and Fold5 hinge technology Use this guide to understand how the new Flex hinge technology in Galaxy Z Flip5 and Fold5 works.
Power Causes and solutions for when your Samsung Galaxy device gets warm If you are unsure as to why your Samsung Galaxy device is giving off heat, we may be able to help identify a cause and a solution.
Application Galaxy device slows down, freezes, or displays ads after installing third-party apps The Device care feature on your Galaxy device can be used to track down unwanted apps that may be causing ads or other issues.
Camera How to take a selfie with the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip5 FlexCam Use this guide to learn how Samsung’s Galaxy Z Flip5 FlexCam enables users to effortlessly take selfies.
Camera Tips for taking clear close-up photos with Galaxy phones Use the tips in this guide to achieve clear photos when using your Samsung Galaxy S23 series, Galaxy Z Fold5, and Galaxy Z Flip5 phones.
Settings Samsung खाता कैसे प्राप्त करें और इसके होने के क्या फायदे हैं FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'Samsung खाता कैसे प्राप्त करें और इसके होने के क्या फायदे हैं' with Samsung Support.
Others गैलेक्सी डिवाइस का उपयोग करते समय सुरक्षा सावधानियाँ FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'safety precautions when using a galaxy device, safety while using samsung phones' with Samsung Support.
Audio Samsung फोन पर रिंगटोन बदलें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'how to change ringtone in samsung mobile, change messenger ringtone, change contact ringtone' with Samsung Support.
Settings Samsung स्मार्टफोन में कॉल वेटिंग कैसे सक्षम करें? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'reset samsung phone, how to reset samsung devices, samsung galaxy device reset' with Samsung Support.
Others OTG (ऑन द गो) केबल और इसकी कनेक्टिविटी समस्या FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'OTG cable connectivity' with Samsung Support.
Software Upgrade Simplified app names in Galaxy One UI 6 Discover the streamlined experience of Samsung Galaxy One UI 6.0, where app names are simplified for enhanced usability. Explore Samsung's latest user interface updates, making your Android device even more user-friendly.
Software Upgrade गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफ़ोन: गैलरी ऐप का SAMSUNG क्लाउड पर बैकअप लें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'how to take backup in samung phone, how to take samsung gallery back, how to gallery sync with microsoft onedrive, take photos and videos backup' with Samsung Support.
Others Protect your Galaxy device with the Auto Blocker feature A guide to discover effective strategies to safeguard your Samsung device with Auto Blocker. Learn how to prevent installing unauthorised apps, secure your device against malicious activity and enhance privacy and security.
Settings अपने गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफोन पर एक्सीडेंटल टच को कैसे रोकें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'how to block accidental touches on your galaxy smartphone hindi' with Samsung Support.
Battery अपने गैलेक्सी डिवाइस की ओवरहीटिंग को कैसे रोकें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'how to prevent the overheating of your galaxy device hindi' with Samsung Support.
Lock लॉक स्क्रीन विज्ञापन कैसे निकालें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'लॉक स्क्रीन विज्ञापन कैसे निकालें' with Samsung Support.
Network & WiFi ठीक करें यदि आपका डिवाइस वाईफाई नेटवर्क से कनेक्ट नहीं कर रहा है FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'troubleshoot a galaxy phone that wont connect to a wi-fi network hindi' with Samsung support.
Settings Samsung फोन का वॉल्यूम कैसे एडजस्ट करें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'adjusting the volume on my samsung galaxy' with Samsung Support.
Others गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफ़ोन पर ऐप्स को अनइंस्टॉल या अक्षम कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'गैलेक्सी स्मार्टफ़ोन पर ऐप्स को अनइंस्टॉल या अक्षम कैसे करें' with Samsung Support.
Hardware मोबाइल फोन के लिए नमी प्रबंधन युक्तियाँ FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'मोबाइल फोन के लिए नमी प्रबंधन युक्तियाँ' with Samsung Support.
Battery आपके गैलेक्सी उपकरणों के लिए वायरलेस चार्जिंग FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'wireless charging for your galaxy devices hindi' with Samsung Support.
Backup & Restore स्मार्ट स्विच का उपयोग करके डेटा कैसे ट्रांसफर और बैकअप करें FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'transfer and backup data using smart switch on a galaxy phone hindi' with Samsung Support.
Others Samsung मोबाइल में डिवाइस केयर का उपयोग कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'Samsung मोबाइल में डिवाइस केयर का उपयोग कैसे करें' with Samsung Support.
Others अपने गैलेक्सी फोन को कैसे साफ करें? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'how to clean my galaxy phone in hindi' with Samsung Support.
Others फ्रीज या हैंग होने पर Samsung डिवाइस को रीस्टार्ट कैसे करें? FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'how to restart the device when freezed or hanged in hindi' with Samsung Support.
Others How to clear app cache and data in Samsung devices FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'how to clear app cache and data in samsung devices' with Samsung Support.
Others How to enable Floating Notification on Samsung Galaxy devices FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'How to enable Floating Notification on Samsung Galaxy devices' with Samsung Support.
Camera How to use AR Emoji Sticker in Samsung devices FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'How to use AR Emoji Sticker in Samsung devices' with Samsung Support.
Others How to use the Circle to Search feature on Galaxy devices Discover the new Circle to Search feature on the recently released S24.
Others How to set up and use the Browsing assist features with Galaxy AI Use this guide to learn how to set up and use different AI features in Browsing assist on the S24.
Camera Camera modes in Samsung galaxy smartphones Camera modes in samsung phones, camera settings in samsung galaxy devices, Single take in samsung devices, food mode in samsung phones, night mode in samsung devices, panorama mode in samsung, director’s view mode in samsung phone, portrait mode in samsung devices, video mode in samsung phones
Others How to use Transcribe assist with Galaxy AI Follow this guide to learn how to use the Transcribe Assist feature on Galaxy S24 in a few quick steps.
Others How to use Generative photo editing with Galaxy AI Follow this guide to learn how to use the generative AI photo editing feature on the new S24.
Others How to set up and use the Interpreter app on Galaxy devices Utilise these instructions to learn how to set up and use the Interpreter app on Galaxy devices.
Call & Contacts eSIM Contact saving function support discontinued Learn how the discontinuation of the eSIM Contact saving function will affect where you store your contacts’ information.
Settings Restricted access to the use of Google's Discover and Generative Wallpaper features on Galaxy devices for underage Google Account users Secure your child's online journey with restricted access to the new Galaxy S24 features.
Camera Edit suggestion for photos with Galaxy AI Discover the benefits and how to use the new AI photo editing feature on the Galaxy S24.
Others Extract text from a video in Samsung galaxy devices FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about extract text from a video in samsung galaxy devices with Samsung support.
Others Organise pictures and videos in Samsung Galaxy devices FAQ for Mobile Devices. Find more about 'organise pictures and videos in samsung galaxy devices' with Samsung Support.
Others How to set Generative wallpaper on Galaxy devices Learn how to use generative wallpaper on the Galaxy S24.
Multimedia How to use Quick Share to share a file between phones Learn how to use the Quick Share feature on your Galaxy S24.
Camera Enhanced zoom and Nightography on Galaxy devices Discover the latest improvements in the enhanced zoom and nightography features included on the S24.
Network & WiFi Samsung Galaxy device's GPS signal is lost Discover the causes of a lost GPS signal on a Galaxy device.
Audio How to use hearing aids with Samsung Galaxy devices Discover how to use your hearing aids with your Galaxy device as well as how to use your device’s hearing enhancements features.
Hardware Solid foreign object and water resistance rating (IP ratings) guide Discover the features and meanings behind Ingress Protection (IP) ratings, which indicate a product's resistance to dust and water, helping you make informed decisions.
Network & WiFi What to do if you have a poor signal and cannot make calls on your Samsung Galaxy device Learn some simple solutions for when your Galaxy device has a poor signal.
Samsung Apps View your step count in Samsung Health Learn to use Galaxy devices to track your step count in the Samsung Health app.
Others Samsung स्मार्टफ़ोन में स्क्रीन रोटेशन कैसे चालू/बंद करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to turn on/off screen rotation in samsung smartphones hindi' with Samsung Support.
Software Upgrade How to update your Samsung Galaxy phone or tablet Learn how to keep your Galaxy phone or tablet up-to-date.
Network & WiFi गैलेक्सी फोन पर 5G का उपयोग कैसे करें? FAQ for Samsung Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to use 5g on your galaxy phone hindi' with Samsung Support.
Settings गैलेक्सी फोन पर विभिन्न संकेतक आइकन का क्या मतलब है FAQ for Samsung Mobile devices. Find more about 'what the different indicator icons mean on your galaxy phone hindi' with Samsung Support.
Backup & Restore डिलीट की गई फोटो कैसे रिकवर कर सकता हूं FAQ for Samsung Mobile devices. Find more about 'samsung galaxy smartphone how can i recover deleted photo hindi' with Samsung Support.
Lock Samsung फोन पर मेरी लॉक स्क्रीन को अनुकूलित करना FAQ for Samsung Mobile devices. Find more about 'set up dynamic lock screen hindi' with Samsung Support.
Call & Contacts ‘अन्य डिवाइस पर कॉल और टेक्स्ट’ का उपयोग करना FAQ for Samsung Mobile devices. Find more about 'using call and text on other devices hindi' with Samsung Support.
Settings About the updated Edge Panel and accessing the Smart select feature Discover how the redesigned Edge Panel has made accessing the Smart select feature more convenient.
Audio Sounds, vibrations, and notifications on your Samsung Galaxy devices Personalise sounds, vibrations, and notification settings on your Samsung Galaxy devices to enhance your user experience.
Multimedia Samsung फोन पर मीडिया फ़ाइलों को USB में कैसे ट्रांसफर करें FAQ for Samsung Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to transfer media files to a usb on a samsung phone hindi' with Samsung Support.
Battery How to set the display of charging information on your Samsung Galaxy device Learn how to customise the display of charging notifications.
Others How to locate the digital User guide on your device Learn how to locate your Galaxy device’s digital user manual on your device.
Audio Solutions for when your Galaxy phone won’t vibrate when receiving calls or notifications Learn some troubleshooting solutions for when your Galaxy phone won’t vibrate when receiving calls or notifications.
Power What to do if your Samsung Galaxy device turns off unexpectedly If your Galaxy device turns off suddenly, this guide offers troubleshooting steps to identify the cause and solutions to ensure that it stays powered on when you need it.
Others How to pair a Galaxy Watch with your Samsung Galaxy device Learn how to connect your Galaxy Watch to your Samsung Galaxy device with this step-by-step guide.
Power How to use the Wireless power sharing feature on your Galaxy Device Learn how to use the Wireless power sharing feature to charge your Galaxy phone and other devices.
Settings How to use your Galaxy phone or Watch to manage notifications on your wearable device Learn how to use your Galaxy phone and Galaxy Watch to enable and disable notifications on your wearable device.
Others मोबाइल डाटा समस्याओं का निवारण कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to troubleshoot mobile data issues hindi' with Samsung support.
Samsung Apps Samsung डिवाइस पर गैलरी ऐप का उपयोग करना HTV for Mobile devices. Find more about 'using the gallery app on my samsung device hindi' with Samsung support.
Others Galaxy डिवाइस में चित्रों और वीडियो को व्यवस्थित करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'organise pictures and videos in samsung galaxy devices hindi' with Samsung support.
Multimedia Galaxy डिवाइस पर 'मेरी फ़ाइलें’ ऐप में फ़ाइलों को कैसे कंप्रेस करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to compress files in my files app on samsung galaxy devices hindi' with Samsung support.
Multimedia एकाधिक डिवाइसों पर मीडिया साझा करने के लिए डुअल ऑडियो का उपयोग FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how can i use dual audio to share media on multiple devices hindi' with Samsung support.
Multimedia S9|S9+ में इमेज और वीडियो का डिफ़ॉल्ट स्टोरेज स्थान कैसे बदलें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'change the default storage location of images and videos in s9 s9 plus hindi' with Samsung support.
Others Galaxy डिवाइस में Music Share का उपयोग कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to use music share in samsung galaxy devices hindi' with Samsung support.
Others How to fix the “No SIM Card Detected” error on Samsung Galaxy devices Learn how to fix the 'No SIM Card Detected' error on your Galaxy phone with this guide to resolve SIM card issues.
Settings Samsung स्मार्टफ़ोन: ऐप आइकन का आकार कैसे कस्टमाइज़ करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'samsung smartphones how to customize apps icon size hindi' with Samsung support.
Samsung Apps अपने Samsung फ़ोन पर वॉइस रिकॉर्डर एप का उपयोग कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to use the voice recorder app on my samsung phone hindi' with Samsung support.
Others Galaxy Z Flip के लिए कौन सी समर्पित ग्राहक सेवा उपलब्ध है FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'what dedicated customer care service is available for the galaxy z flip hindi' with Samsung support.
Others Samsung स्मार्टफोन में USB डिबगिंग करना क्या है FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'what is usb debugging in samsung smartphones hindi' with Samsung support.
Others Galaxy स्मार्टफोन: ब्लू लाइट फिल्टर के बारे में FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'galaxy smartphones about the blue light filter hindi' with Samsung support.
Others यदि आपके डिवाइस की स्क्रीन टिमटिमा रही हो तो क्या करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'what to do if the screen on your device is flickering hindi' with Samsung support.
Samsung Apps सुरक्षित फोल्डर क्या है और मैं इसका उपयोग कैसे कर सकता हूँ FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'what is the secure folder and how can i use it hindi' with Samsung support.
Others Samsung Galaxy स्मार्टफोन पर त्वरित वीडियो कैसे लें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to take quick videos on samsung devices hindi' with Samsung support.
Others Samsung स्मार्टफोन में डिजिटल कल्याण फीचर का उपयोग कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to use digital wellbeing feature in samsung smartphones hindi' with Samsung support.
Audio Samsung Galaxy पर ध्वनि सेटिंग्स को निजीकृत कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to personalise the sound settings on samsung galaxy hindi' with Samsung support.
Settings सेटिंग्स के माध्यम से एप्स की सूचनाएं और अनुमतियाँ प्रबंधित करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to manage the notifications and permissions of apps through settings on a galaxy phone hindi' with Samsung support.
Battery Galaxy डिवाइस तेजी से चार्ज नहीं हो रहा है। मैं इसे कैसे ठीक करूँ FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'my galaxy device is not fast charging how do i fix it hindi' with Samsung support.
Backup & Restore अपने Samsung खाते को OneDrive से लिंक करना FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'link samsung account to onedrive hindi' with Samsung support.
Settings Galaxy डिवाइस में Notes का उपयोग कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to use samsung notes hindi' with Samsung support.
Network & WiFi Samsung स्मार्टफोन में टेथरिंग फीचर क्या है FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'what is usb tethering in samsung smartphones hindi' with Samsung support.
Others प्रदर्शन ठीक से काम नहीं कर रहा है FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'the display is not working properly hindi' with Samsung support.
Audio अगर आपको फ़ोन कॉल की आवाज़ ठीक से सुनाई न दे तो क्या करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'what to do if you cannot hear the phone call sound well hindi' with Samsung support.
Others उत्पाद पंजीकरण क्या है और इसके लाभ क्या हैं? FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'what is product registration and its benefits hindi' with Samsung support.
Lock अपने Galaxy फ़ोन पर मौसम विजेट का स्थान कैसे सेट करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to set the weather widget location on your galaxy phone hindi' with Samsung support.
Network & WiFi सेलुलर नेटवर्क या मोबाइल नेटवर्क क्या है FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'what is a cellular network or mobile network hindi' with Samsung support.
Audio अपने Samsung फ़ोन पर वीडियो में वॉयस रिकॉर्डिंग कैसे जोड़ें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'how to add a voice recording to a video on my samsung phone hindi' with Samsung support.
Others वायर्ड चार्जिंग से जुड़ी समस्याएं FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'issues with wired charging hindi' with Samsung support.
Others Samsung डिवाइस में ऐप कैश और डाटा कैसे मिटाएँ FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "how to clear app cache and data in samsung devices hindi" with Samsung support.
Others टॉर्च की चमक कैसे समायोजित करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "samsung galaxy how to adjust torch brightness hindi" with Samsung support.
Battery यदि मेरे नए Galaxy फ़ोन की बैटरी तेजी से खत्म होने लगे तो क्या करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "what to do if the battery of my new phone seems to be draining faster hindi" with Samsung support.
Samsung Apps स्मार्ट फ़ोन में Smart Tutor क्या है FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "what is smart tutor in samsung smart phones hindi" with Samsung support.
Camera Galaxy सुपर स्टेडी मोड से वीडियो कैसे शूट करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "how to shoot videos with galaxy supersteady mode hindi" with Samsung support.
Others अपने Galaxy फ़ोन या टैबलेट से अकाउंट निकालें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "remove accounts from your galaxy phone or tablet hindi" with Samsung support.
Samsung Apps Samsung फोन पर Bixby वॉयस का उपयोग करना FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about "using bixby voice on my samsung phone hindi" with Samsung Support.
Hardware Galaxy डिवाइसों पर अनधिकृत तृतीय-पक्ष सुरक्षात्मक फिल्मों के दोष FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "of unauthorised third party protective films on galaxy devices hindi" with Samsung support.
Others Galaxy डिवाइसों पर अनुकूलित नेविगेशन बार फ़ंक्शन FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "optimised navigation bar functions on galaxy devices hindi" with Samsung support.
Hardware Galaxy फ़ोन पर Samsung कीबोर्ड की उपयोगी विशेषताएं FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "samsung keyboard settings, translator samsung keyboard, redo typing samsung, speech to text samsung, voice to text samsung, samsung voice to text, galaxy phone keyboard features, undo typing on samsung, samsung undo redo, undo redo typing for samsung phone, samsung keyboard functions, change keyboard input type, samsung keyboard features, features for texting on samsung," with Samsung support.
Audio फ़ोन पर किसी संगीत फ़ाइल को नोटिफिकेशन्स टोन के रूप में सेट करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "how to set a music file as a notification tone on my samsung phone hindi" with Samsung support.
Settings कीबोर्ड टूलबार को सक्षम और अनुकूलित कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "how to enable and customise the samsung keyboard toolbar hindi" with Samsung support.
Call & Contacts कॉल कनेक्ट क्यों नहीं हो रही है FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "why the calls are not getting connected hindi" with Samsung support.
Samsung Apps Galaxy फ़ोन की होम स्क्रीन पर एप्स और विजेट्स कैसे जोड़ें FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to add apps and widgets on your galaxy phones home screen hindi with Samsung Support.
Message मैसेज पर ‘शीर्ष पर पिन करें’ विकल्प को सक्रिय और निष्क्रिय करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "how to deactivate pin to top option on message app hindi" with Samsung support.
Samsung Apps Galaxy फ़ोन पर गैलरी ऐप में फ़ोटो का आकार कैसे बदलें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "how to resize photos in the gallery app on your galaxy phone hindi" with Samsung support.
Settings Samsung फ़ोन पर स्थान सटीकता में सुधार FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "Samsung फ़ोन पर स्थान सटीकता में सुधार" with Samsung support.
Others वीडियो कॉल का बैकग्राउंड कैसे बदलें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "how to change the background of video calls hindi" with Samsung support.
Settings Galaxy डिवाइस पर फ्लोटिंग नोटिफिकेशन कैसे सक्षम करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "Galaxy डिवाइस पर फ्लोटिंग नोटिफिकेशन कैसे सक्षम करें" with Samsung support.
Others मल्टी कंट्रोल का उपयोग करके Galaxy फ़ोन और Galaxy टैबलेट को नेविगेट करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "मल्टी कंट्रोल का उपयोग करके Galaxy फ़ोन और Galaxy टैबलेट को नेविगेट करें" with Samsung support.
Settings Galaxy डिवाइस पर नेविगेशन बार कैसे देख सकता हूँ FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "how can i see the navigation bar on my galaxy device hindi" with Samsung support.
Lock किसी फ्रोजन Galaxy डिवाइस को रीबूट कैसे करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "किसी फ्रोजन Galaxy डिवाइस को रीबूट कैसे करें " with Samsung support.
Others Samsung डिवाइस में पावर बचत मोड क्या है? FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "how to enable power saving mode in samsung galaxy hindi" with Samsung support.
Settings Samsung मोबाइल पर अधिसूचना पैनल को कैसे नेविगेट और संपादित करें FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about "Samsung मोबाइल पर अधिसूचना पैनल को कैसे नेविगेट और संपादित करें" with Samsung support.
Others What to do if your Samsung Galaxy device is not responding to S Pen Air actions Learn how to troubleshoot your Galaxy device if S Pen air actions are not responding.
Audio Troubleshooting speaker and sound issues on a Samsung Galaxy device Learn how to troubleshoot and fix speaker and sound issues on your Samsung Galaxy device.
Others How to use the Galaxy Avatar feature on your Samsung Galaxy S25 Learn how to use the Galaxy Avatar feature on your Samsung Galaxy device to create and personalise your digital avatar.
Lock Brief widgets on your Samsung Galaxy S25 Lock screen Learn how to customise the Brief widgets on your Samsung Galaxy Lock screen.
Others Guide to Apps screen changes on the Samsung Galaxy S25 Discover the Apps screen changes on the Samsung Galaxy S25, including improved search bar placement, vertical scrolling for alphabetical sorting, and enhanced one-handed usability.
Others How to use AI select on your Galaxy phone and tablet FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to use AI select on your Galaxy phone and tablet with Samsung Support.
Others What is NFC in Samsung Smartphones? FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'What is NFC in Samsung Smartphones?' with Samsung Support.
Software Upgrade Difference between Samsung Android 8.0 Oreo device and 7.0 Nougat device difference between android 8.0 and 7.0, android 8.0, android 7.0, android, nougat, oreo, difference between android nougat and Oreo, nougat & oreo
Others Galaxy Smartphones: Smart Switch for Windows Phones smart swich, windows phone
Kies [Smart Switch] How to transfer data from iOS to Galaxy through iCloud? smart switch, iphone to android transfer, iphone data transfer, s10, s10+,s10e
Kies Galaxy Smartphone: Smart Switch for iOS 9 or Lower smart switch, iphone to android transfer, iphone data transfer, s10, s10+,s10e
Settings How to change theme in Samsung Smartphones? HTG for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to change theme in Samsung Smartphones?' with Samsung Support.
Backup & Restore Galaxy Smartphones: How to use Samsung Cloud Drive? HTG for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'Galaxy Smartphones: How to use Samsung Cloud Drive?' with Samsung Support.
Others Samsung One UI: Ultimate Tips, Tricks and How To guide for new features HTG for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'Samsung One UI: Ultimate Tips, Tricks and How To guide for new features' with Samsung Support.
Others How to enable Call rejection during Voice recording in Samsung Smartphones? HTG for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to enable Call rejection during Voice recording in Samsung Smartphones?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to select different keyboards in Samsung smartphones? FAQ for Samsung mobile devices. Find more about 'How to select different keyboards in Samsung smartphones?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to set Ringtone in Samsung Smartphones? HTG for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about 'How to set Ringtone in Samsung Smartphones?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to set alarm in Samsung smartphones? FAQ for Samsung mobile phones. Find more about 'How to set alarm in Samsung smartphones?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to create Samsung account in Tizen based smartphones? FAQ for Samsung mobile devices. Find more about 'How to create Samsung account in Tizen based smartphones?' with Samsung Support.
Others How to free up memory of Samsung smartphones? FAQ for Samsung mobile devices. Find more about' How to free up memory of Samsung smartphones??' with Samsung Support.
Others Samsung Galaxy: How to adjust Torch brightness FAQ for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'Samsung Galaxy: How to adjust Torch brightness' with Samsung Support.
Others Samsung Galaxy Smartphones: One Hand Mode .
Accessory & Bluetooth Pairing a Bluetooth device to my Samsung Phone ,
Others How to enable Power saving mode in Samsung Galaxy? ,
Audio How to personalise the sound settings on Samsung Galaxy devices? ,
Settings Samsung mobile: Call logs are not showing HTG for Samsung mobile device. Find more about 'Samsung mobile: Call logs are not showing' with Samsung Support.
Camera Samsung Mobile: Camera not working ,
Network & WiFi How to configure mobile hotspot in Samsung smartphones? HTG for Samsung mobile device. Find more about 'How to configure mobile hotspot in Samsung smartphones?' with Samsung Support.
Lock Using Smart Lock on my Samsung phone ,
Samsung Apps Control Music using Bixby Voice ,
Samsung Apps Using Bixby Translation ,
Others How to pair and switch devices connected to the Galaxy Buds+ FAQ for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'How to pair and switch devices connected to the Galaxy Buds+' with Samsung Support.
Application How to manage my apps? ,
Others How to remove lock screen ads FAQ for Samsung mobile. Find more about 'How to remove lock screen ads' with Samsung Support.
Camera Using Single Take on my Galaxy device ,
Samsung Apps How to use Notes in Galaxy devices FAQ for Mobile devices. Find more about 'How to use Notes in Galaxy devices' with Samsung support.
Others Syncing my Reminders with Microsoft on my Samsung Phone FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about Syncing my Reminders with Microsoft on my Samsung Phone with Samsung Support.
Backup & Restore How to synchronize OneDrive with your Galaxy devices FAQ for Samsung Mobile Device. Find more about Linking my Samsung Account to OneDrive with Samsung Support.
Backup & Restore Using OneDrive on my Samsung device FAQ for Samsung Mobile devices. Find more about Using OneDrive on my Samsung device with Samsung India Support.
Backup & Restore Syncing Reminders with Microsoft account FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about Syncing Reminders with Microsoft account with Samsung Support.
Others How to use SmartThings Find on my Samsung Phone? FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about How to use SmartThings Find on my Samsung Phone? with Samsung Support.
Others How to move from iOS phone to Samsung FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about How to move from iOS phone to Samsung with Samsung Support.
Call & Contacts How to Block and Unblock numbers in Samsung devices FAQ for Samsung mobiles. Find more about 'How to Block and Unblock numbers from calling me on my Galaxy Device?' with Samsung Support.
Samsung Apps How to disable Bixby button? turn Off bixby button, BixBy key, disable bixby key, deactivate bixby key, bixby home, bixby key
Others How to manage files on your Galaxy Phone FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about 'How to manage files on your Galaxy Phone' with Samsung Support.
Audio Useful audio settings on the Galaxy phone including Separate app sound FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about 'Useful audio settings on the Galaxy phone including Separate app sound' with Samsung Support.
Others How to use the Samsung Email app and how to open attachments on a Galaxy phone How to use the Samsung Email app and how to open attachments on a Galaxy phone
Others How to turn the Predictive text feature on and off on a Galaxy phone FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to turn the Predictive text feature on and off on a Galaxy phone with Samsung Support.
Others How to check the date and time in the Samsung Gallery app FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to check the date and time in the Samsung Gallery app with Samsung Support.
Others How to manage the notifications and permissions of apps through settings on a Galaxy phones How to manage the notifications and permissions of apps through settings on a Galaxy phone
Others How to add apps and widgets on your Galaxy phone's home screen FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to add apps and widgets on your Galaxy phone's home screen with Samsung Support.
Call & Contacts How to sync your contacts on a Galaxy phone to your Google account FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about how to sync your contacts on a Galaxy phone to your Google account and view the synced contacts with Samsung Support.
Application How to uninstall or disable apps on Galaxy Smartphones How to remove or disable embedded apps
Settings How to adjust brightness on Samsung Mobile Device? How to adjust brightness on Samsung Mobile Device
Others Adjusting Screen Timeout on my Samsung Phone Adjusting Screen Timeout on my Samsung Phone
Others How to use Device Care in Samsung Mobile? How to use Device Care in Samsung Mobile?
Backup & Restore How to Manage Photos and Videos in the Gallery App by Syncing Them with OneDrive How to Manage Photos and Videos in the Gallery App by Syncing Them with OneDrive
Network & WiFi How to enable the Wi-Fi Calling function on Galaxy phone wifi calling samsung phone, wificall samsung, wifi calling galaxy phone, what is wifi calling, how to use wifi calling on samsung phone, wifi-calling sam
Others How to Make a Video Call With the Google Duo App on a Galaxy Phone How to Make a Video Call With the Google Duo App on a Galaxy Phone
Samsung Apps How to Set Up and Use the Bixby Routines Feature on Your Galaxy Phone How to Set Up and Use the Bixby Routines Feature on Your Galaxy Phone
Others Why is my phone slowing down and how can I speed it up? Learn about a few things you can try when your Galaxy phone is slowing down.
Hardware Make Sure the Protective Vinyl on Your New Galaxy Phone is Completely Removed Make Sure the Protective Vinyl on Your New Galaxy Phone is Completely Removed
Others Why is There a Small Noise When I Shake My Galaxy Phone? Why is There a Small Noise When I Shake My Galaxy Phone?
Others How to Access Your Galaxy Phone Data When Touch Screen is Spoilt How to Access Your Galaxy Phone Data When Touch Screen is Spoilt
Accessory & Bluetooth How to fix Bluetooth connection problems with your phone or tablet How to fix Bluetooth connection problems with your phone or tablet
Lock What to do when Samsung phone is not recognizing fingerprints What to do when Samsung phone is not recognizing fingerprints
Camera Phenomena that may occur when using Note20 camera Phenomena that may occur when using Note20 camera
Others Samsung Mobile: How to use the TalkBack feature Samsung Mobile: How to use the TalkBack feature
Settings How to reduce eye strain by using Dark mode on your Galaxy phone How to reduce eye strain by using Dark mode on your Galaxy phone
Others How to protect your Galaxy phone from installing smishing, pharming, and spy apps How to protect your Galaxy phone from installing smishing, pharming, and spy apps
Others The GPS location on my smartphone is inaccurate. How do I fix it? The GPS location on my smartphone is inaccurate. How do I fix it?
Lock My Samsung smartphone is not recognizing fingerprints. How do I fix it? My Samsung smartphone is not recognizing fingerprints. How do I fix it?
Application गूगल प्लेस्टोर से एप्लिकेशन डाउनलोड करने में असमर्थ हैं? गूगल प्लेस्टोर से एप्लिकेशन डाउनलोड करने में असमर्थ हैं?
Lock How to set up and use Samsung Pass on your Galaxy phone How to set up and use Samsung Pass on your Galaxy phone
Others How to use the Do not disturb mode on your Galaxy phone How to use the Do not disturb mode on your Galaxy phone
Others How to update Play Store and Galaxy Store apps on your Galaxy phone How to update Play Store and Galaxy Store apps on your Galaxy phone
Call & Contacts How to make calls and send messages on other Galaxy devices How to make calls and send messages on other Galaxy devices
Others How to set the Weather widget location on your Galaxy phones How to set the Weather widget location on your Galaxy phone
Others How to charge Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge wirelessly Support
Others How to use S6 Edge feature, Edge Screen of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Support
Others How to use Fingerprint feature of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Support
Backup & Restore How can I backup data on my Galaxy device automatically? "FAQ for Samsung FAQ. Find more about "How can I backup data on my Galaxy device automatically?" with Samsung Support."
Backup & Restore Samsung Cloud: Data Backup and Restore Helps & Tips for Mobile Phone | Samsung Support India
Others How to connect your Galaxy smartphone to a car using Android Auto FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about'How to connect your Galaxy smartphone to a car using Android Auto' with Samsung Support.
Multimedia How to control media and devices on your Galaxy smartphone FAQ for Samsung Mobile. Find more about'How to control media and devices on your Galaxy smartphone' with Samsung Support.
{{filterInfo.title}}
{{contentInfo.symptomName}} {{contentInfo.title}} {{contentInfo.content}}
{"softwares":[],"manuals":[{"description":"User Manual (Android 15)","englishDescription":"User Manual (Android 15)","fileName":"SM-M356B_M556B_DS_UG_SWA_15_Ben_Rev.1.0_250502.pdf","fileModifiedDate":"May 29. 2025","fileModifiedDateCalendar":1748458200000,"fileVersion":"1.0","fileSize":"3.65","contentsTypeCode":"UM","filePath":"UM/202505/20250529124731451/SM-M356B_M556B_DS_UG_SWA_15_Ben_Rev.1.0_250502.pdf","fileID":10469157,"viewCount":0,"downloadUrl":"https://org.downloadcenter.samsung.com/downloadfile/ContentsFile.aspx?CDSite=UNI_IN&OriginYN=N&ModelType=N&ModelName=SM-M556B%2FDS&CttFileID=10469157&CDCttType=UM&VPath=UM%2F202505%2F20250529124731451%2FSM-M356B_M556B_DS_UG_SWA_15_Ben_Rev.1.0_250502.pdf","osList":null,"areaList":[{"code":"IL","orgCode":"IL"},{"code":"IN","orgCode":"IN"}],"languageList":[{"code":"BN","orgCode":"BN","name":"BENGALI"}]},{"description":"User Manual (Android 14)","englishDescription":"User Manual (Android 14)","fileName":"SM-M556B_DS_UG_SWA_UU_Ben_Rev.1.1_240416.pdf","fileModifiedDate":"Apr 17. 2024","fileModifiedDateCalendar":1713288960000,"fileVersion":"1.1","fileSize":"5.65","contentsTypeCode":"UM","filePath":"UM/202404/20240417113552068/SM-M556B_DS_UG_SWA_UU_Ben_Rev.1.1_240416.pdf","fileID":9592666,"viewCount":0,"downloadUrl":"https://org.downloadcenter.samsung.com/downloadfile/ContentsFile.aspx?CDSite=UNI_IN&OriginYN=N&ModelType=N&ModelName=SM-M556B%2FDS&CttFileID=9592666&CDCttType=UM&VPath=UM%2F202404%2F20240417113552068%2FSM-M556B_DS_UG_SWA_UU_Ben_Rev.1.1_240416.pdf","osList":null,"areaList":[{"code":"IL","orgCode":"IL"},{"code":"IN","orgCode":"IN"}],"languageList":[{"code":"BN","orgCode":"BN","name":"BENGALI"}]},{"description":"Safety Guide","englishDescription":"Safety Guide","fileName":"Safety_information_Rev.2.0.0_231013.pdf","fileModifiedDate":"Mar 25. 2024","fileModifiedDateCalendar":1711299300000,"fileVersion":"2.0.0","fileSize":"6.28","contentsTypeCode":"UM","filePath":"UM/202403/20240325105357267/Safety_information_Rev.2.0.0_231013.pdf","fileID":9553486,"viewCount":0,"downloadUrl":"https://org.downloadcenter.samsung.com/downloadfile/ContentsFile.aspx?CDSite=UNI_IN&OriginYN=N&ModelType=N&ModelName=SM-M556B%2FDS&CttFileID=9553486&CDCttType=UM&VPath=UM%2F202403%2F20240325105357267%2FSafety_information_Rev.2.0.0_231013.pdf","osList":null,"areaList":[{"code":"IL","orgCode":"IL"},{"code":"IN","orgCode":"IN"}],"languageList":[{"code":"EN","orgCode":"EN","name":"ENGLISH"},{"code":"AR","orgCode":"AR","name":"ARABIC"},{"code":"BN","orgCode":"BN","name":"BENGALI"},{"code":"HE","orgCode":"HE","name":"HEBREW"},{"code":"VI","orgCode":"VI","name":"VIETNAMESE"}]},{"description":"User Manual (Android 14)","englishDescription":"User Manual (Android 14)","fileName":"SM-E556B_M556_UG_EU_UU_Eng_Rev.1.0_240314.pdf","fileModifiedDate":"Mar 25. 2024","fileModifiedDateCalendar":1711299240000,"fileVersion":"1.0","fileSize":"5.07","contentsTypeCode":"UM","filePath":"UM/202403/20240325105255980/SM-E556B_M556_UG_EU_UU_Eng_Rev.1.0_240314.pdf","fileID":9553485,"viewCount":0,"downloadUrl":"https://org.downloadcenter.samsung.com/downloadfile/ContentsFile.aspx?CDSite=UNI_IN&OriginYN=N&ModelType=N&ModelName=SM-M556B%2FDS&CttFileID=9553485&CDCttType=UM&VPath=UM%2F202403%2F20240325105255980%2FSM-E556B_M556_UG_EU_UU_Eng_Rev.1.0_240314.pdf","osList":null,"areaList":[{"code":"IL","orgCode":"IL"},{"code":"IN","orgCode":"IN"}],"languageList":[{"code":"EN","orgCode":"EN","name":"ENGLISH"}]},{"description":"User Manual (Android 15)","englishDescription":"User Manual (Android 15)","fileName":"SM-E556B_M356B_M55X_UG_EU_15_Eng_Rev.1.0_250428.pdf","fileModifiedDate":"May 29. 2025","fileModifiedDateCalendar":1748458200000,"fileVersion":"1.0","fileSize":"3.27","contentsTypeCode":"UM","filePath":"UM/202505/20250529124731451/SM-E556B_M356B_M55X_UG_EU_15_Eng_Rev.1.0_250428.pdf","fileID":10469155,"viewCount":0,"downloadUrl":"https://org.downloadcenter.samsung.com/downloadfile/ContentsFile.aspx?CDSite=UNI_IN&OriginYN=N&ModelType=N&ModelName=SM-M556B%2FDS&CttFileID=10469155&CDCttType=UM&VPath=UM%2F202505%2F20250529124731451%2FSM-E556B_M356B_M55X_UG_EU_15_Eng_Rev.1.0_250428.pdf","osList":null,"areaList":[{"code":"IL","orgCode":"IL"},{"code":"IN","orgCode":"IN"}],"languageList":[{"code":"EN","orgCode":"EN","name":"ENGLISH"}]}]}
https://org.downloadcenter.samsung.com/downloadfile/ContentsFile.aspx
Language Click to Expand
{{file.description}} ver {{file.fileVersion}} {{file.fileSize}} MB {{file.fileModifiedDate}} {{file.osNames}} {{file.languageName}} {{file.languageName}} {{file.allLanguageNames}} {{file.languageName}} Layer Popup Close Download
ver {{file.fileVersion}}
{{file.fileSize}} MB
{{file.fileModifiedDate}}
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Face-to-face support
Digital Service Center
Request Callback Service
Face-to-Face Support
Phone Support (India)
Phone Support (Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal)
Apps & Services Customer Support
RC01_Static Content : This text is only displayed on the editor page