AI Suggested Searches
Galaxy A56 5G (12 GB Memory)
{{priceAnchor.priceWrapper.info.noLineOrignal}}
{{priceAnchor.priceWrapper.info.ceExchangePrice}}
Segment’s Most Complete Camera
Make every moment more awesome with the segment’s most complete camera. Capture vibrant videos even in the dark, get blur-free shots on the move, edit with just a tap, and so much more.
Basis study by 91mobiles, conducted on request of Samsung over popular smartphones launched in India during Jan '2025 - June '2026, priced between ₹30,000 – ₹40,000, considering that Samsung Galaxy A56 is the only smartphone in the segment offering triple camera system, 123 degrees FOV 12MP ultra-wide camera, OIS, 4K video recording, Nightography, HDR Selfie camera and AI-powered editing tools in combination. Samsung does not independently verify or endorse this claim, nor does it represent its personal opinion or guarantee performance, quality, or satisfaction. The evaluation is specific to the assessed segment, limitations and may evolve. Consumers should consider additional factors when making purchasing decisions, as this is not a warranty.
Awesome Intelligence
Circle to Search with Google is available on Galaxy A56 5G. Just circle, highlight or tap an object or text onscreen to get Google Search results.
Google is a trademark of Google LLC. Sequences shortened and simulated. Results for illustrative purposes only. Service availability may vary by country, language, device model. Requires internet connection. Users may need to update Android and Google app to the latest version. Works on compatible apps and surfaces. Results may vary depending on visual matches. Accuracy of results is not guaranteed. Works on compatible apps and surfaces, and with ambient music only. Will not identify music coming through headphones or if phone volume is off. Results may vary depending on audio matches.
Slimmer design with premium metal frame
Introducing the Galaxy A56 5G. With 0.74 cm thickness and 198 g weight, Galaxy A56 5G has a good grip. The enhanced cameras are grouped to match the new linear design. Galaxy A56 5G has four colour options to choose from Awesome Graphite, Awesome Lightgray, Awesome Olive, and Awesome Pink.
Colour availability may vary by country, region or carrier. Actual product may differ from the image shown.
Turn photos into masterpieces
Object Eraser removes unwanted distractions in the background will be recognized, removed and filled in to make a flawless photo.
Results may vary based on the images and the object you're trying to remove. Results may vary depending on light condition and/or shooting conditions, including multiple subjects, being out of focus or moving subjects.
Filters just for you
Create your own filter or add a retro film effect to photos and videos.
Actual UI/UX may differ. Results may vary depending on light condition and/or shooting conditions including multiple subjects, being out of focus or moving subjects.
Highlight reels made easy
Create quality video effortlessly.
Maximum length per clip is 90 minutes. Maximum length of combined clips to be edited is 180 minutes. Maximum number of clips to be edited per video project is 60 clips. Accuracy of results is not guaranteed.
Get a photo with everyone smiling
Select people's best faces in Motion Photos to create the perfect group pic.
Bring photos and videos to life with stunning clarity
Get excellent photos and videos with the upgraded 50 MP camera on Galaxy A56 5G. It identifies the sky, skin, face, hair and grass and enhances the image quality for you instantly.
Actual product may differ from the image shown. 50 MP resolution is available on the Galaxy A56 5G's rear Wide-angle camera only. Results may vary depending on shooting conditions including multiple subjects, being out of focus or moving subjects.
Shoot awesome selfie videos
Take amazing videos of your adventures and everyday life in Super HDR. The front camera of Galaxy A56 5G is enhanced to get optimal colors and contrast for high res selfie videos.
Compared to the previous model. Results may vary depending on shooting conditions including multiple subjects, being out of focus or moving subjects.
Film the lively night
The cameras on the new Galaxy A56 5G are now more advanced than before, absorbing more light for low noise, high-resolution Nightography.
Results may vary depending on shooting conditions including multiple subjects, being out of focus or moving subjects.
Snap awesome selfies
Now, your selfies are shareable just the way they are. The improved 12 MP front camera on Galaxy A56 5G captures blur-free, vibrant photos.
Play to win with next-gen AP
Experience the powerful performance of the upgraded Octa-core processor. Plus, with a boosted cooling system and storage up to 256 GB, you can multitask, stream and play games more seamlessly than ever.
Requires optimal 5G connection. 5G network availability and actual speed may vary depending on country, region, network provider and user environment. Memory/storage options and availability may vary by country, region or carrier. Available memory/storage capacity is subject to preloaded software.
Display for immersive gameplay
Fully immerse in your favorite entertainment with a large 17.01 cm FHD+ Super AMOLED display. The 1200 nits Vision Booster adds clarity for an awesome viewing experience, in any lighting.
Image simulated for illustrative purposes. Compared to the previous model. Requires optimal 5G connection. 5G network availability and actual speed may vary depending on country, region, network provider and user environment. 1200 nits at HBM (High Brightness Mode). Display received Eye Care Certification by SGS based on its ability to reduce the harmful effects of blue light. Measured diagonally, the screen size is 17.01 cm in the full rectangle and 16.55 cm accounting for the rounded corners. Actual viewable area is less due to the rounded corners and the camera hole.
Long battery life for all-day watching
With a long-lasting 5000 mAh (typical) battery, you can enjoy movie marathons for up to 29 hours without having to charge your Galaxy A56 5G.
Typical value tested under third-party laboratory condition. Typical value is the estimated average value considering the deviation in battery capacity among the battery samples tested under IEC 61960 standard. Rated (minimum) capacity is 4905 mAh. Actual battery life may vary depending on network environment, usage patterns and other factors. Actual battery life varies by network environment, features and apps used, frequency of calls and messages, the number of times charged, and many other factors. Estimated against the average usage profile compiled by UX Connect Research. Independently assessed by UX Connect Research between 2025.01.16-2025.01.27 in UK with pre-release versions of SM-A566 5G under default setting using LTE and 5G Sub6 networks. NOT tested under 5G mmWave Network.
The solid metal frame and Corning® Gorilla® Glass Victus®+ keep the Awesome design of Galaxy A56 5G looking great. Plus, with IP67 protection, the new Galaxy A series is safe from dirt and splashes.
Corning® Gorilla® Glass Victus®+ is applied to the front and rear of the device. Corning® Gorilla® Glass Victus®+ back glass does not include camera glass. Frame does not include volume and side keys or SIM tray. Galaxy A56 5G is rated as IP67. Based on lab test conditions for submersion in up to 1 meter of freshwater for up to 30 minutes. Not advised for beach or pool use. Water and dust resistance of the device is not permanent and may diminish over time due to normal wear and tear.
Built to last with 6x OS upgrades
Galaxy A56 5G supports up to 6 generations of OS upgrades and up to 6 years of security updates to keep it running as good as new.
Keep your password secure with Knox Vault
Keep your private information safe and sound with EAL5+ certified Knox Vault.
Samsung Galaxy Experience
With a new intuitive look and upgraded usability, One UI 7 makes Galaxy A56 5G easy to use.
Some functional widgets may require a network connection and/or Samsung Account login. Availability of functions supported within the apps may vary by country. Actual UI may be different. Image simulated for illustrative purposes. For more information on Smart Switch and Quick Share, visit their feature service landing pages on Samsung.com. Available functions may vary depending on the device, country, region, carrier or the version of One UI.
Share files in the moment
Use Quick Share to effortlessly send files between devices within or outside of the Galaxy, including iOS and PCs.
Available on devices with One UI 2.1 or above, with Android OS version 10.0 (Q) or higher installed. Bluetooth Low Energy and Wi-Fi connection are both required for Quick Share. Supports Galaxy Books, including Qualcomm-based PCs released in 2020 and later, and Windows PCs with Intel Bluetooth/Wi-Fi from other manufacturers. (OS: Windows 10 2004 version or higher, Bluetooth driver: Intel 22.50.02 or higher, Wi-Fi driver: Intel 22.50.07 or higher). Number of devices Quick Share can share to at the same time may vary depending on the Wi-Fi chip hardware of the sharing device. Actual speed may vary depending on device, network condition and user environment. The transferable type, number, capacity and expiry date of files, as well as the number of simultaneous file shares in Private Share may be limited.
Switch effortlessly from iOS
Switching from iOS is so easy! Thanks to Smart Switch, you can transfer your photos, videos, contacts and apps effortlessly.
Wired transfers from iOS require the receiving device to have Android™ 4.3 or later and the sending device to have iOS 5 or later. Transfers can be completed without a cable through a wireless connection or iCloud. For wireless connections, the receiving device must have Android™ 4.0 or later and the sending device must have iOS 12 or later. iCloud transfers require the receiving device to have Android™ 4.0 or later and the sending device to have iOS 5 or later. Open Smart Switch Mobile in “Settings” on the receiving Galaxy device or download the Smart Switch Mobile app from the Galaxy Store. For wireless transfers, download Smart Switch for iOS from the App Store on your iPhone or iPad. Data, content and apps available for transfer may vary by transmission method. Contacts, gallery, videos, calendars and reminders can be transferred wirelessly from an iOS device.
Better together with Galaxy
Stay Secure, Stay Stylish
Frequently Asked Questions
Does the A series support 5G connectivity?
Galaxy A56 5G supports 5G connectivity. However, the availability of 5G network may vary depending on the country, region or carrier.
How has the design of Galaxy A56 5G been improved?
The bezel has been slimmed down to make the display size of Galaxy A56 5G 17.01 cm, which is larger than the 16.83 cm display of Galaxy A55 5G. Plus, the thickness has been reduced to make Galaxy A56 5G easy to grip in one hand.
What intelligent features are available on Galaxy A56 5G?
Galaxy A56 5G supports intelligent features such as Circle to Search, Object Eraser, Filters, Auto Trim and Best Face.
How enhanced are the cameras on Galaxy A56 5G?
The cameras of Galaxy A56 5G have been upgraded for better image qualities. With 12 MP Ultra Wide angle, 50 MP Wide angle and 5 MP Macro Camera on the back and 12 MP Selfie Camera on the front, capture awesome moments in high resolution.
How has Galaxy A56 5G been improved for better gameplay?
Galaxy A56 5G features a larger 17.01 cm FHD+ Super AMOLED display with 1,200 nits brightness and an enhanced processor, compared to Galaxy A55 5G, which has a 16.83 cm FHD+ Super AMOLED display with 1,000 nits brightness.
How long does Galaxy A56 5G battery last?
The battery of Galaxy A56 5G is 5000 mAh (typical) and lasts up to 29 hours of video viewing time.
Is Galaxy A56 5G waterproof?
Galaxy A56 5G is waterproof with an IP67 rating, which means it can withstand water and dust.
How many OS upgrades does Galaxy A56 5G support?
What are the benefits of buying my smartphone on Samsung.com?
When you buy your smartphone on Samsung.com, you have easy access to authentic devices and Samsung services. You'll also stay informed about benefits and events happening on Samsung.com, while enjoying quick shipping and customer service, all handled by Samsung. Any issues or questions you have will be addressed directly by us, so you can have the best experience from purchase to servicing.
CPU Speed 2.9GHz, 2.6GHz, 1.9GHz
2.9GHz, 2.6GHz, 1.9GHz
Size (Main Display) 17.01 cm full rectangle / 16.55 cm rounded corners
17.01 cm full rectangle / 16.55 cm rounded corners
Resolution (Main Display) 1080 x 2340 (FHD+)
Resolution (Main Display)
Technology (Main Display) Super AMOLED
Technology (Main Display)
Colour Depth (Main Display) 16M
Colour Depth (Main Display)
Max Refresh Rate (Main Display) 120 Hz
Max Refresh Rate (Main Display)
Rear Camera - Resolution (Multiple) 50.0 MP + 12.0 MP + 5.0 MP
Rear Camera - Resolution (Multiple)
50.0 MP + 12.0 MP + 5.0 MP
Rear Camera - F Number (Multiple) F1.8 , F2.2 , F2.4
Rear Camera - F Number (Multiple)
Rear Camera - Auto Focus Yes
Rear Camera - Auto Focus
Rear Camera - OIS Yes
Rear Camera Zoom Digital Zoom up to 10x
Digital Zoom up to 10x
Front Camera - Resolution 12.0 MP
Front Camera - Resolution
Front Camera - F Number F2.2
Front Camera - F Number
Front Camera - Auto Focus No
Front Camera - Auto Focus
Front Camera - OIS No
Rear Camera - Flash Yes
Front Camera - Flash No
Front Camera - Flash
Video Recording Resolution UHD 4K (3840 x 2160)@30fps
Video Recording Resolution
UHD 4K (3840 x 2160)@30fps
Slow Motion 240fps @HD
Available Storage (GB) 234.4
Available Storage (GB)
Number of SIM Dual-SIM
SIM size Nano-SIM (4FF), Embedded-SIM
Nano-SIM (4FF), Embedded-SIM
SIM Slot Type SIM 1 + SIM 2 / SIM 1 + eSIM / Dual eSIM
SIM 1 + SIM 2 / SIM 1 + eSIM / Dual eSIM
Infra 2G GSM, 3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD, 5G Sub6 FDD, 5G Sub6 TDD
2G GSM, 3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD, 5G Sub6 FDD, 5G Sub6 TDD
2G GSM GSM850, GSM900, DCS1800, PCS1900
GSM850, GSM900, DCS1800, PCS1900
3G UMTS B1(2100), B2(1900), B4(AWS), B5(850), B8(900)
B1(2100), B2(1900), B4(AWS), B5(850), B8(900)
4G FDD LTE B1(2100), B2(1900), B3(1800), B4(AWS), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B12(700), B13(700), B17(700), B20(800), B25(1900), B26(850), B28(700), B66(AWS-3)
B1(2100), B2(1900), B3(1800), B4(AWS), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B12(700), B13(700), B17(700), B20(800), B25(1900), B26(850), B28(700), B66(AWS-3)
4G TDD LTE B38(2600), B40(2300), B41(2500)
B38(2600), B40(2300), B41(2500)
5G* FDD Sub6 N1(2100), N3(1800), N5(850), N7(2600), N8(900), N20(800), N28(700), N66(AWS-3)
N1(2100), N3(1800), N5(850), N7(2600), N8(900), N20(800), N28(700), N66(AWS-3)
5G* TDD Sub6 N38(2600), N40(2300), N41(2500), N77(3700), N78(3500)
N38(2600), N40(2300), N41(2500), N77(3700), N78(3500)
USB Interface USB Type-C
Location Technology GPS, Glonass, Beidou, Galileo, QZSS
GPS, Glonass, Beidou, Galileo, QZSS
Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac/ax 2.4GHz+5GHz, HE80, MIMO, 1024-QAM
802.11a/b/g/n/ac/ax 2.4GHz+5GHz, HE80, MIMO, 1024-QAM
Bluetooth Version Bluetooth v5.3
Form Factor Touchscreen Bar
Accelerometer, Fingerprint Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Light Sensor, Virtual Proximity Sensing
Physical specification
Dimension (HxWxD, mm) 162.2 x 77.5 x 7.4
Dimension (HxWxD, mm)
Video Playback Time (Hours) Up to 29
Video Playback Time (Hours)
Battery Capacity (mAh, Typical) 5000
Battery Capacity (mAh, Typical)
Video Playing Format MP4, M4V, 3GP, 3G2, AVI, FLV, MKV, WEBM
Video Playing Format
MP4, M4V, 3GP, 3G2, AVI, FLV, MKV, WEBM
Video Playing Resolution UHD 4K (3840 x 2160)@60fps
Video Playing Resolution
UHD 4K (3840 x 2160)@60fps
Audio Playing Format MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA
Audio Playing Format
MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA
Services and Applications
Gear Support Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Buds3 Pro, Galaxy Buds2 Pro, Galaxy Buds Pro, Galaxy Buds Live, Galaxy Buds+, Galaxy Buds3, Galaxy Buds2, Galaxy Buds, Galaxy Buds FE, Galaxy Fit3, Galaxy Fit2, Galaxy Fit e, Galaxy Fit, Galaxy Watch FE, Galaxy Watch Ultra, Galaxy Watch7, Galaxy Watch6, Galaxy Watch5, Galaxy Watch4, Galaxy Watch3, Galaxy Watch, Galaxy Watch Active2, Galaxy Watch Active
Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Buds3 Pro, Galaxy Buds2 Pro, Galaxy Buds Pro, Galaxy Buds Live, Galaxy Buds+, Galaxy Buds3, Galaxy Buds2, Galaxy Buds, Galaxy Buds FE, Galaxy Fit3, Galaxy Fit2, Galaxy Fit e, Galaxy Fit, Galaxy Watch FE, Galaxy Watch Ultra, Galaxy Watch7, Galaxy Watch6, Galaxy Watch5, Galaxy Watch4, Galaxy Watch3, Galaxy Watch, Galaxy Watch Active2, Galaxy Watch Active
Samsung DeX Support No
Bluetooth® Hearing Aid Support Android Audio Streaming for Hearing Aid(ASHA)
Bluetooth® Hearing Aid Support
Android Audio Streaming for Hearing Aid(ASHA)
SmartThings Support Yes
Security Update Period (Valid until) 31 March 2032
Security Update Period (Valid until)
Manufacturer’s Information
Manufactured by Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001
Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001
Country of Origin India
Contact us For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)
For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)
Launch date March 2 nd , 2025
Product rating : 4.4
Recommended by 87 % of customers.
Customers praise the camera for capturing high-quality, vibrant photos with sharp details and professional-grade results
Battery life consistently lasts a full day or longer under normal use, earning widespread acclaim
Display delivers vibrant, crystal-clear visuals perfect for movies and everyday viewing
Performance is smooth and fast with responsive multitasking and quick app launches
Some mention lack of expandable storage as a drawback; most still recommend it for excellent value
Reviews with images & videos
Relevancy sort puts the best reviews at the top. We look at things like helpfulness votes, latest review, pictures and other traits that readers look for in their reviews.
This is not what we like to see, so we can understand your frustration if you are having these issues with your new A56. It has been designed to offer all the excellence that you'd expect with a smartphone from our Galaxy, so we can understand your frustration if this has not been the case. We recommend speaking to our Customer Support team so that they can look into this with you, and go through all available solutions to get your phone working perfectly at all times. You can find details for the different ways to contact them, plus their opening times, by following this link: https://bit.ly/HelpandContact ^DB at Samsung Support
It’s great to hear that you’re enjoying your new Galaxy A56 5G overall, with its smooth performance, reliable battery life and clean One UI experience making it a solid upgrade from your previous Galaxy A53. We also appreciate that the Messages app notifications have not fully met your expectations, and we understand how important it is to have a clearly audible alert for texts, especially when your phone is in your handbag. On your UK Galaxy A56 5G, you can set a separate notification sound for messages by adjusting the app’s notification categories. Please try the following: Settings > Notifications > App notifications > Messages > Notification categories > Incoming messages > Choose a sound that is louder and more noticeable. This allows you to keep a louder tone for messages while using quieter notification sounds for other apps, such as email. We hope you continue to enjoy your Galaxy A56 5G and all the brilliant features it has to offer. You can also find out more about the device on the official product page here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/smartphones/galaxy-a/galaxy-a56-5g-awesome-lightgrey-256gb-sm-a566bzaceub/ ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for taking the time to share with us this in-depth review about your awesome Galaxy A56, Ian. We are pleased to read that this brilliant device has met your expectations overall, especially because of its powerful battery, top-quality camera system and straightforward setup. We also appreciate that you wished for a screen protector to have been included with its promotional items, along with the Super Fast charger you are happy with, and that you have noticed the Palm swipe feature doesn't always work. From our end, we will certainly make sure to pass this feedback along, and please don't hesitate to follow this link, which we are confident you will find very useful: How to take screenshots with a ‘palm swipe’ - https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/how-to-take-screenshots-with-a-palm-swipe-on-your-samsung-smartphone/ In the meantime, we are confident that this brilliant device will make a positive difference in your life. ^CL at Samsung Support
We are over the moon to see you are loving your A56! Thanks to the impressive 50MP main camera, you'll be taking epic pics to last a lifetime! Along with the striking 6.7” Super AMOLED display, those pictures will be brought to life! Not to forget, with the powerful Exynos 1580 processor and massive 5,000 mAh battery, you'll get hours of smooth fun! Thanks to 5G connectivity, you'll get smoother connectivity to your favourite apps! We appreciate your feedback regarding the availability of the SD card, with up to 256GB of internal storage and the availability of online storage options, we know you won't be shy of space! ^LB at Samsung Support
It is wonderful to know that you are very pleased with your awesome Galaxy A56, which you are enjoying the most among the Galaxy A52, A54 and A55, Bon! We are glad that you are impressed by its swift performance and long-lasting battery, as well as by its crystal-clear display. We also appreciate that you wished to be able to answer your calls differently rather than swiping, and we can confirm that your device comes with a series of useful accessibility options, that let you customise the way you answer your calls just how you like it. Simply follow these steps to change the relevant settings to suit your needs: Settings > Accessibility > Interaction and dexterity > Answering and ending calls > Select your preferred option. The Galaxy A56 is built to be all round great! ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for taking the time to review the Galaxy A56. We pride ourselves on creating devices that exceed our customers expectations, and we regret to see this has not been the case for you on this occasion. We understand how frustrating it must be to deal with unexpected shutdowns and freezing, especially when it affects your ability to stay connected during important moments. While we’re glad to hear there are aspects of the phone you enjoy when it’s working properly, we know that reliability is key. We'd love to look into the freezing issues you mentioned. We have a whole host of different options to get in touch, you can see them all (as well as their associated operating hours) on our Contact Us page: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^CH at Samsung Support
We are pleased to read that overall, you are very happy with the awesome Galaxy A56, Timbo! More specifically, it is great to know that you like the convenient size of its vibrant display and its massive storage capacity, as well as its flawless performance and long-lasting battery life. Still, we also appreciate that, when compared to your previous Galaxy A52s, you have noticed the camera specifications are different, and that the phone doesn't have a strong connection to your Wi-Fi. Additionally, it is our understanding that a third-party application is not working on it. We would like to share with you this link, where you can find a useful guide about how to take fantastic pictures and videos with the advanced camera system of your Galaxy A56, while also making the most of its features and modes: https://www.samsung.com/uk/mobile-phone-buying-guide/photography-tips-for-smartphone/ Please also don't hesitate to speak to our Support Teams, who will be ready to assist you with resolving any issue you are experiencing with your device, so you can get the most out of it. You can find our full contact details and opening times on our Contact Us page here: https://bit.ly/SamsungUK-Support ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for sharing this amazing review of your awesome Galaxy A56, and those beautiful picture and video taken with it, Lesley! This fast and powerful device is the perfect upgrade that lets you experience our incredible features and mobile technology! ^CL at Samsung Support
Birmingham, West Midlands
It's great to see that your new A56 has been boosting your snaps, and the powerful battery has been keeping it in your hands for as long as you need it, so we appreciate your feedback. ^DB at Samsung Support
We are thrilled we have given you the ultimate five-star experience with your A56! ^LB at Samsung Support
Kingswinford, West Midlands
We are sad to see you are not enjoying your A56! We'd recommend contacting the app provider to check the requirements needed to make the app work and see if your A56 fits this. The app provider will be able to assist with getting this app working to perfection for you. We appreciate your feedback, and we will take this on board to help improve our services. ^LB at Samsung Support
We are sorry to read that the Galaxy A56 has not met your expectations overall when compared to the Galaxy A53, because you noticed the speaker function has stopped working with the third-party app Shazam also not functioning correctly, Isla. Additionally, it is our understanding that you noticed the device heats up suddenly, and that you are not happy with the design of the cameras at the back. Please don't hesitate to speak to our Support Teams, who will be able to look into the issues you mentioned in more detail to be able to offer you the best assistance with getting everything sorted as soon as possible; while also sharing with you the best tips about how to get the most out of this phone. You can find our full contact details and opening times on our Contact Us page here: https://bit.ly/SamsungUK-Support ^CL at Samsung Support
Stroud Gloucestershire
Thank you for taking time to review your A56, Andy! With the exceptional Dual speakers, you'll be listening to your favourite tune easier than ever before! Along with the impressive 50MP camera, you'll be getting epic videos and pictures to last a lifetime! With the powerful Exynos 1580 processor, you'll get the ultimate speeds. Here is a guide to help speed up your phone: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/why-is-my-phone-slowing-down-and-how-can-i-speed-it-up/ ^LB at Samsung Support
Thank you for your detailed review. We understand that changing phones can sometimes feel overwhelming, so we're pleased to hear that the setup process itself was straightforward and that Smart Switch helped with the transition. It's great to know that you're enjoying the large screen, hotspot functionality, and features such as Bixby and screenshots. We appreciate you sharing your experience and hope you continue discovering new ways to make the most of your Galaxy A56 5G.
We are disheartened to read that the Galaxy A56 has not met your expectations overall when compared to your previous smartphones, Jam. We appreciate that you are not happy with its performance overall, and please follow this link, where you can find a useful guide about how to keep this device always optimised for the swiftest experience when using it: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/why-is-my-phone-slowing-down-and-how-can-i-speed-it-up/ We also appreciate that you wished for the design to be different, with the cameras being more encased within the device and the surface to be less smooth, which is something we can certainly take on board. Please also don't hesitate to get in touch with our relevant department, who will be able to check the status of your claim for this specific promotion: https://samsungoffers.claims/sam/GalaxyAPack/en-GB/support If you need more help with getting the most out of the Galaxy A56, or you would like to discuss your options regarding if the Galaxy S Series or the Galaxy A Series is better for you, please don't hesitate to speak to our Support Teams. You can find our full contact details and opening times on our Contact Us page here: https://bit.ly/SamsungUK-Support ^CL at Samsung Support
We are disheartened to read that you have been experiencing an issue when making and receiving calls with your Galaxy A56. It is also our understanding that you have been in touch with your network provider already, which replaced the phone with one of the same model. We are sorry to hear that the issue is persisting. We totally appreciate the importance of having a fully working device to keep you connected with all your contacts with the best quality. If you still cannot make or receive calls after you have visited the O2 store, please don't hesitate to speak to our Support Teams, who will be able to look into this issue in more detail and advise you further. Our full contact details and opening times can be found on our Contact Us page here: https://bit.ly/SamsungUK-Support We are confident that you will soon be able to get the best experience out of this awesome product, with is the same quality and reliability you have enjoyed with our smartphones for over 18 years. ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for taking the time to share with us this in-depth review of the awesome Galaxy A56, Charles! We are pleased to see that you are impressed by the long-lasting and powerful battery of this device, as well as with its outstanding display and incredibly smart camera features. This top-quality and great value phone is brilliant all the way through! ^CL at Samsung Support
Thank you for taking time to review your A56, John! From the stellar Exynos 1580 processor, 120Hz refresh rate and 50MP rear camera, you'll never be disappointed! Take a look at this great guide to help resolve this issue: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/my-fingerprint-scanner-isnt-working/ If you need further assistance, our helpful Support Teams are on hand to help. You can find their contact details and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^LB at Samsung Support
We're ecstatic to see you're loving the Galaxy A56! The stunning display is perfect for watching films, playing games, or looking back on the photos you've taken with the amazing camera! The battery can last a full day on a single charge and with Super Fast Charging, you're back to full in no time! Many thanks for the five stars! ^CH at Samsung Support
We appreciate the time you’ve taken to let us know your wonderful feedback, and we’re thrilled to know you’re loving your A56! ^LB at Samsung Support
Thank you for your fantastic feedback on the Galaxy A56! We're delighted to hear that you're loving everything about it, from the superb battery life to the Macro mode in the camera. It’s great to know that easy connectivity is making your experience even smoother. Personalization is such a key part of enjoying a smartphone, and we’re thrilled that you’re having fun customizing your display to make it truly yours. With excellent performance and guaranteed updates for the next 5 years, we’re committed to ensuring your device stays at its best for years to come. Thanks for choosing Samsung, we’re so glad to hear you have no regrets with your purchase! ^CH at Samsung Support
Thank you for taking time to review your A56! Thanks to the powerful Exynos 1580 processor, using the massive 5,000 mAh battery has never been easier, and will give you hours of fun. Here is a guide to help you make the most out of your battery: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/tips-to-make-the-most-out-of-your-galaxy-phones-battery/ If you have a third-party screen protector on your phone, this can interfere with using specific features, and we'd always recommend using an official Samsung screen protector. Our helpful Support Teams are on hand to help with any issues or questions you may have to make sure you are enjoying your spectacular A56! You can find their contact details and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^LB at Samsung Support
Barnsley, South Yorkshire
We're sorry to see that you are experiencing issues with your A56 5G. This phone has an unbelievable 5000 mAh battery, making it incredibly capable of supporting you through the day and more. During the initial usage period, the battery life will be lower than usual, due to the optimisation process. Please check out the following link to find out more about your device's battery: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/what-to-do-if-the-battery-of-my-new-phone-seems-to-be-draining-faster/ When it comes to the camera, we believe that this phone is truly magnificent. The 50 MP main lens combines with top-notch image processing to ensure that your photos are steeped in rich detail. Please check out the following link, which will help you get the most out of your phone's camera: https://www.samsung.com/uk/mobile-phone-buying-guide/photography-tips-for-smartphone/ With the powerful Octa-Core processor running this device, it is capable of operating at great speed. Please take a look at troubleshooting steps that will address the latency when typing here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/why-is-my-phone-slowing-down-and-how-can-i-speed-it-up/ If these issues persist, please reach out to our Support Teams, who will be happy to help. You can find their contact details and operating hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ You have a great phone, and we're here to help make sure that you can thoroughly enjoy it. ^SK at Samsung Support
We're delighted to see that your A56 is already proving to be a noticeable upgrade to all your previous phones, Ste, and pleasantly surprising you with the quality it offers. The processor is powerful enough to stay two steps ahead of everything that you would use the phone for, and the battery will keep the phone in your hand throughout the day. This is particularly beneficial due to how the display quality encourages binge-watching your favourite shows or content, and how the camera will capture every moment of a day. It's great to see that you got so much benefit from our roaming promotion. ^DB at Samsung Support
We are glad to hear that you are enjoying an awesome experience with the Galaxy A56! It is fantastic that you have been making the most of its powerful battery and flawless performance to multitask and game on it like a pro, and that you are also impressed by its vibrant and colourful display. We are also pleased that you are enjoying taking professional pictures and videos effortlessly with its advanced cameras, and that you are also happy with its smooth connectivity. Keep enjoying! ^CL at Samsung Support
Hi, thank you for taking the time to share your experience. We're delighted to hear you're enjoying the handy features, responsive performance, and excellent value your phone offers. It's great to know features like slow-motion video and photo slideshows have enhanced your experience. We appreciate your feedback and hope you continue enjoying your Galaxy device.
Huge congratulations on your upgrade to the awesome Galaxy A56! We're delighted to hear that you're enjoying the brilliantly updated features, such as the huge and enhanced 5,000 mAh battery and the Camera! The larger display brings you perfect clarity and super smooth viewing, and the overall performance is top notch thanks to the Exynos 1580 chipset. Many thanks for sharing your thoughts, we're delighted to have given you that five star feeling! ^EW at Samsung Support
Thanks for the great review and for sharing your feedback with us! Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team is on hand. You can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^KF at Samsung Support
Thank you for this positive review of the awesome Galaxy A56, Habiburrahman. This fantastic device brings an awesome experience into your life, especially thanks to its 6.7" 120Hz display, durable Gorilla Glass Victus+, and the incredibly powerful Exynos 1580 processor. Not only that, but its AI-powered camera system coupled with its long-term software support are great additions that make it feel even more premium. We are also glad that you are impressed by its flawless performance and battery life, and we recommend using a charger that supports 45W, so we can make the most of its Super Fast Charging support. Keep enjoying. ^CL at Samsung Support
We'd like to help make sure that your A56 is working flawlessly at all times, Steve, so we'd like to look into what is causing the issues that you have described. We recommend speaking to our Customer Support team so that they can discuss these with you, and go through all available solutions. You can find details for the different ways to contact them, plus their opening times, by following this link: https://bit.ly/HelpandContact. While there may not be a memory card slot with the phone, it does still come stock with 256GB, and has plenty of options to store all your data and memories online. ^DB at Samsung Support
Thank you for sharing your experience with the Galaxy A56, Hamidinho! We're thrilled to hear that you're loving the bright, vibrant display, especially its clarity in sunlight. Providing an immersive viewing experience is a key priority, and it's fantastic that the screen is delivering just that. We're also glad you're impressed with the camera's zoom and picture quality! Capturing moments with clarity and detail is what we strive for. Knowing that the battery life is keeping up with your day and that the performance remains smooth even during intense gaming is great feedback—power and efficiency are what make the Galaxy A56 stand out. Your satisfaction with connection strength across Wi-Fi, mobile data, and Android Auto further reinforces our commitment to reliability. We truly appreciate your review, and we're delighted that the Galaxy A56 is exceeding your expectations. ^CH at Samsung Support
Thank you for taking time to review your A56! We are over the moon to read you are loving your new device! For us to assist with any issues you are having, we'd recommend contacting our Support Teams who will get to the bottom of this for you. You can find their contact details and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^LB at Samsung Support
Thanks for the great review and for sharing your feedback with us! You can find a guide on how to optimise the battery of your phone so that it lasts as long as possible, here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/mobile-devices/how-can-i-optimise-and-extend-the-battery-life-on-my-samsung-galaxy-smartphone Should you ever need us, our friendly Support Team is on hand. You can find all our contact methods and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^KF at Samsung Support
We are sorry to see you are having issues with your A56. If you reset your phone and are still logged into the Google account, it will ask you to log into the Google account that was previously registered on the phone, this is for security reasons. If you are unable to log into your Google account, we'd recommend resetting your password here: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/41078?hl=en&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop If you need further assistance, our helpful Support Teams are on hand to help. You can find their contact details and opening hours here: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^LB at Samsung Support
We are glad to read that you found the Galaxy A56 to be the perfect upgrade from your previous and still amazing Galaxy A53, Joe! It is great to know that the change to this awesome device was very smooth and straightforward, especially thanks to its advanced and intuitive One UI 7 software. We also appreciate the fact that, after setting it up with your preferred settings and options, it is now operating perfectly to suit your needs, and that you are also happy with its long-lasting battery and its 45W Super Fast Charging Support. Additionally, we are glad that you have been enjoying using its camera to take great pictures, and that you have been making the most of its crystal-clear display to browse online and send emails and texts. This fantastic product is now connected to all your other devices, so you can take full advantage of its features and benefits for a smarter experience than ever before! ^CL at Samsung Support
We are sorry to read that you are not satisfied with your awesome Galaxy A56 because you have noticed that many adverts continuously appear on the screen. This is likely an issue related to third-party apps, as our devices and their pre-installed applications are not designed to show adverts when interacting with them. Please don’t hesitate to speak to our Support Teams, who will be able to look into this issue in more depth, so you can start getting the most of your product as soon as possible. You can find our full contact details and opening times on our Contact Us page here: https://bit.ly/SamsungUK-Support ^CL at Samsung Support
We are thrilled to see you are enjoying your A56, Jacey! With the incredible 50MP camera, we know you'll be taking epic pics to last a lifetime! Thanks to the powerful Exynos 1580 processor and 120Hz refresh rate, gaming has never been easier! Weighing only at 198g will make it easier to take this around with us, and will give you more time to impress everyone with the striking 6.7" Super AMOLED display! ^LB at Samsung Support
We're thrilled to see you're loving the Galaxy A56, Lyzann! With its stunning display, speedy processor, long-lasting battery and amazing camera, it is indeed an awesome phone! If the adverts you mentioned appear during a game, it would indicate this is due to the game being free to play. If that is not the case, we'd love to look into this with you. We have a whole host of different options to get in touch, you can see them all (as well as their associated operating hours) on our Contact Us page: https://www.samsung.com/uk/support/contact/ ^CH at Samsung Support
Thank you for sharing your experience! It sounds like your previous Galaxy phone served you well for many years, and we're delighted to hear your upgrade has been such a worthwhile one. We're glad it's meeting your needs and making it easier to keep up with the latest apps and technology. Enjoy your new phone!
These reviews are managed by Bazaarvoice and comply with the Bazaarvoice Authenticity Policy, which is supported by anti-fraud technology and human analysis. Details at
Link copied to clipboard!
User manual & downloads
User Manual (Android 16)
User Manual (Android 15)
One UI Software Update
How to transfer data from an iPhone or iPad to a new Galaxy device with Smart Switch
Features of the Samsung Find app
How to compress files in 'My Files' app on Galaxy devices?
How to troubleshoot Mobile data issues
Find answers the question you have about the product
Get the most from Samsung device and services.
See how products work and get advice on which models fit your needs.
* Network : The bandwidths supported by the device may vary depending on the region or service provider.
* Battery: Actual battery life varies by network environment, features and apps used, frequency of calls and messages, number of times charged, and many other factors.
* User Available Memory: Actual user memory will vary depending on the operator and may change after software upgrades are performed.
Images shown here are for representational purpose only, actual may vary. All features, specifications and prices are subject to change without prior notice. Model availability may vary from location to location.
Measured diagonally, the screen size is 17.01 cm in the full rectangle and 16.55 cm with accounting for the rounded corners; actual viewable area is less due to the rounded corners and camera hole.
5000 mAh (typical) Typical value tested under third-party laboratory condition. Typical value is the estimated average value considering the deviation in battery capacity among the battery samples tested under IEC 61960 standard. Rated (minimum) capacity is 4905 mAh. Actual battery life may vary depending on network environment, usage patterns and other factors.
Installment Plans Disclaimer
HAVE QUESTIONS? LET US HELP.
Get alert when this item is back in stock and available to buy, by adding your email or phone number to opt into alerts.
Please double check your email address.
By providing your email/mobile number you agree to marketing communications & inventory alerts from Samsung on Email, SMS & WhatsApp. By clicking submit you are agreeing to the above Terms and Conditions.
We will notify you when inventory is added. Thank you.