Meet Samsung Galaxy S25 FE: The Gateway to the Galaxy AI and Flagship Essentials
With the latest Galaxy AI and a superior camera experience, Galaxy S25 FE delivers flagship features that are truly worth it
Premium AI experience: the latest Galaxy AI 1 experiences provides multimodal AI agents and personalized insights, with privacy secured by the new Knox Enhanced Encryption Protection.
AI-powered creativity: The latest ProVisual Engine and an upgraded 12MP front camera provide captivating selfies with low noise mode. Generative Edit offers proactive suggestions to remove distractions and fill in backgrounds.
Powerful performance: Galaxy S25 FE was built to keep going thanks to a 4,900mAh battery, a larger vapor chamber and an enhanced Armor Aluminum frame.
Samsung Electronics today announced Galaxy S25 FE, the newest and most attainable addition to the Galaxy S25 lineup. Equipped with One UI 8 — as well as the latest Galaxy AI experiences — Galaxy S25 FE offers a personalized AI companion with multimodal capabilities.
Designed to unlock new levels of creativity, Galaxy S25 FE brings powerful AI editing tools like Generative Edit and Instant Slow-mo while an upgraded 12MP front-facing camera, powered by AI-powered ProVisual Engine, introduces an enhanced selfie experience. A 4,900mAh battery and a more than 10% larger 2 vapor chamber offer smooth, responsive performance with 45W wired charging 3 support ensuring users can stay creative, entertained and connected while on the go.
“Galaxy S25 FE plays an important role as a gateway into the broader Galaxy AI ecosystem, making these experiences more attainable for a wider range of users,” said Jay Kim, Executive Vice President and Head of Customer Experience Office, Mobile eXperience Business at Samsung Electronics. “With expanded personalized AI experiences and AI-powered photography and editing tools, Galaxy S25 FE empowers more people to bring greater convenience and creativity into their everyday lives.”
Seamless Everyday Experiences, Powered by AI
With Galaxy AI built into Galaxy S25 FE and optimized by One UI 8 and multimodal AI agents, more users will step into a new era of natural and effortless interaction — where voice, touch and visual input combine to simplify and enhance everyday tasks by making them even more intuitive.
Gemini Live 4 enables real-time visual conversations enhanced with multimodal AI, allowing the device to see what users see and making it easy to ask contextual questions. If you need help deciding what to pack for your next trip, just point your camera at two outfits and ask, “Which outfit is better for the weather in Seoul?” Gemini responds naturally, offering intelligent, conversational guidance that seamlessly supports your everyday life.
Now Bar 5 surfaces helpful information at just the right moment, right from the lock screen. It shows relevant updates, and can even be customized to display live notifications, music, modes and routines, and more. Now Brief 6 provides personalized daily updates including traffic, reminders, calendar events and fitness summaries.
With Circle to Search with Google, 7 gaming tips appear exactly when and where you need them. Just circle an item or challenge on screen to access tips and tactics — all in a floating view that keeps your gameplay uninterrupted.
These intelligent tools are designed to enhance communication, boost productivity and streamline daily interactions — all while adapting to the individual needs of each user. Plus, they’re backed by all-new protections for personalized, AI-powered features.
Knox Enhanced Encrypted Protection (KEEP) 8 creates encrypted, app-specific storage environments within the device’s secure storage area, ensuring that each app can access only its own sensitive information. KEEP supports Galaxy’s Personal Data Engine (PDE) 9 to keep user data and preferences entirely on-device and secured by Knox Vault. Together, these solutions ensure fortified security and privacy in a rapidly evolving digital landscape.
Built To Empower Creativity at Every Level
Galaxy S25 FE delivers a premium camera experience thanks to the ProVisual Engine’s latest AI-powered features and an upgraded 12MP front camera 10 that captures captivating selfies with improved clarity. It also elevates Galaxy’s renowned Nightography: Low noise mode boosts the quality of night shots, while Super HDR in video showcases lifelike colors and contrast in every frame. Photo Assist enhances on-device editing with effortless precision, boosting user creativity and seamlessly bringing their visions to life.
Generative Edit 11 automatically detects passersby in the background of photos and proactively recommends what to remove, eliminating the need to make manual selections and edits, while Portrait Studio 12 allows users to create personalized avatars with more true-to-life facial expressions.
Instant Slow-mo 13 lets users relive favorite video moments in a more immersive way, transforming any clip into slow motion with just a single tap.
Audio Eraser 14 offers a convenient way to clean up noise in videos by isolating specific audio elements such as voices, music, wind, ambient nature, crowd noise and background interference — giving users precise control over what to reduce or remove entirely. Auto Trim 15 on Galaxy S25 FE streamlines the video editing process by automatically selecting the best moments from your footage.
Reliable Performance, Refined Design
From routine productivity to creative workflows, Galaxy S25 FE optimizes every interaction. Galaxy S25 FE delivers reliable performance whether you’re streaming, multitasking or editing.
A 4,900mAh battery powers everyday tasks, while 45W wired charging enables extended use and quicker power-ups. 16
AI processing runs smoothly thanks to a more than 10% larger vapor chamber 17 for efficient thermal management.
Galaxy S25 FE reflects the signature design of the Galaxy S25 series, with a slim, lightweight build that feels as good as it looks.
The 6.7-inch 18 Dynamic AMOLED 2X display with a 120Hz refresh rate offers smooth, immersive visuals, while a new enhanced Armor Aluminum frame provides improved durability and a more refined finish.
Galaxy S25 FE reflects the iconic Galaxy S series form with a touch of playful personalityailable in a range of bold, expressive colors – Icyblue, Jetblack, Navy and White. 19
Seven generations of OS upgrades and seven years of security updates ensures reliable and optimized performance that lasts longer. 20
For those looking to combine these visuals with the latest high-quality sound, pair Galaxy S25 FE with the all-new Galaxy Buds3 FE to enjoy seamless connectivity and Galaxy’s immersive mobile entertainment experience.
One UI 8 will also be available on more devices including the full Galaxy S25 series with updates starting this month. 21
Galaxy S25 FE will be available starting September 4th in select markets and will include six months of the Google AI Pro plan with higher access to features in Gemini, Flow, NotebookLM and more. 22 For more information about Galaxy S25 FE, please visit: Samsung Newsroom India , SamsungMobilePress.com or Samsung.com .
120Hz refresh rate (60/120Hz)
8 MP Telephoto Camera
· 3x Optical Zoom, OIS F2.4, FOV 32˚
Wireless PowerShare****
*** Wi-Fi 6E network availability may vary by market, network provider and user environment. Requires optimal connection. Will require a Wi-Fi 6E router.
1 Samsung Account login may be required to use certain AI features. Samsung does not make any promises, assurances or guarantees as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the output provided by AI features. Availability of Galaxy AI features may vary depending on the region/country, OS/One UI version, device model and phone carrier. 2 Compared to Galaxy S25 FE to Galaxy S24 FE 3 Galaxy S25 FE supports charging with up to a 45W Power Adapter. 45W Power Adapter sold separately. Use only Samsung-approved chargers and cables. 4 Gemini is a trademark of Google LLC. Results for illustrative purposes. Gemini Live feature requires internet connection and Google Account login. Service availability may vary by country, language and device model. Features may differ depending on subscription and results may vary. Compatible with certain features and certain accounts. Currently, you can use a personal Google Account that you manage on your own, or a work or school account for which your administrator has enabled access to Gemini. You must be 13 (or the applicable age in your country) or over to use Gemini with a personal or school Google Account and 18 or over to use Gemini with a work account. 5 Now Bar features require Samsung Account login and may require a network connection. Service availability may vary by country, language, device model, or apps. 6 Now Brief feature requires Samsung Account login. Service availability may vary by country, language, device model, apps. Some features may require a network connection. Modes and Routines need to be enabled to use Personal Data Engine for context-based Routines suggestions. User needs to consent to access permissions such as photos, videos, audio files, and calendar events. Events schedule notification is supported with calendar apps that utilize Android calendar database and available if Samsung Calendar is installed. To check the Energy Score, the health data tracked from Samsung Galaxy Watch or Samsung Galaxy Ring must be synchronized with the Samsung Health App. The result is for personal reference only and is not intended for medical purposes. 7 Circle to Search is a trademark of Google LLC. Sequences shortened and simulated. Results for illustrative purposes only. Service availability may vary by country, language and device model. Requires internet connection. Users may need to update Android and Google app to the latest version. Works on compatible apps and surfaces. Results may vary depending on visual matches. Accuracy of results is not guaranteed. 8 Available on Galaxy smartphones and tablets with One UI 8 or later. 9 Personal Data Engine functions under the condition that the Personal Data Intelligence menu is on. Analyzed data will be deleted once the Personal Data Intelligence menu is turned off. 10 Compared Galaxy S25 FE to Galaxy S24 FE. (10MP front camera) 11 Generative Edit feature for Photo Assist requires a network connection and Samsung Account login. Editing with Generative Edit may result in a resized photo. A visible watermark is overlaid on the image output upon saving in order to indicate that the image is generated by AI. The accuracy and reliability of the generated output is not guaranteed. 12 Portrait Studio feature for Photo Assist requires a network connection and Samsung Account login. Editing with Portrait Studio results in a resized photo. A visible watermark is overlaid on the image output upon saving in order to indicate that the image is generated by AI. The accuracy and reliability of the generated output is not guaranteed. 13 Instant Slow-mo feature is available on Samsung Video Player and Samsung Gallery. May not be available on certain video file types. Accuracy of results not guaranteed. 14 Audio Eraser results may vary per video depending on how sounds present in the video. Samsung Account login required. Certain types of sound can be detected such as voices, music, wind, nature, crowds and noise. Compatible with common video/audio formats accessible in Gallery, Samsung Notes, Video Player, Voice Recorder and, Call transcription. Actual sound detection may vary depending on audio source, and the condition of the video. Accuracy of results is not guaranteed. 15 Maximum length per clip is 90 minutes. Maximum length of combined clips is 180 minutes. Maximum number of clips to use per video project is 60. Accuracy of results is not guaranteed. 16 Compared Galaxy S25 FE to Galaxy S24 FE. (4,700mAh battery and 25W wired charging) 17 Compared Galaxy S25 FE to Galaxy S24 FE. 18 Measured diagonally, Galaxy S25 FE’s screen is 6.7-inch in the full rectangle and 6.5-inch accounting for the rounded corners; actual viewable area is less due to the rounded corners and camera hole. 19 Availability of colors may vary by market and network provider. 20 Galaxy S25 FE will support seven generations of OS upgrades and seven years of security updates from global launch date. 21 Timing of OS upgrades and security updates may vary by device model, network provider and market. 22 Google AI Pro is a trademark of Google LLC. Gemini in Google AI Pro and Gemini for Gmail, Docs, and more are only available for ages 18+. Gemini for Gmail, Docs and more is available in select languages. Rate limits may apply. 23 Specifications may vary by market. All functionality, features, specifications and other product information provided in this document including, but not limited to, the benefits, design, pricing, components, performance, availability, and capabilities of the product are subject to change without notice.
Knox Enhanced Encrypted Protection
Press Resources Press Releases
For any issues related to customer service, please go to samsung.com/in/support for assistance. For media inquiries, please contact corpcommindia@samsung.com.